# Drama Office Needs Aides
## 
### 
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
Today is the deadline for all stu
dents interested in trying out for
positions in the drama manager's of
fice. Malkah Wolper, dramatic man
ager, has especially urged that all
returning students who were pre
viously intrested in dramatic work,
apply for the jobs, but there will be
vacancies for both old and new stu
dents.
Tryoutees arc asked to apply at
Room 2 in the Old Union building all
this afternoon. The next dramatic
manager, who receives a salary will
be chosen from the group applying.
The prime job of the dramatic
manager is the business management
of Ram's Head, the honorary organ
ization which annually gives such
productions as the Gaieties, Spring
Show, and one-act plays. Other jobs
include taking charge of Ram's Head
funds, equipment, and, ticket sales
Students trying out for positions
will mimeograph scripts, handle
Ram's Head publicity, work in the
theatre, sell tickets to student pro
ductions, and do office typing.
