# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
TRUMAN ADDRESSES
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 (UP).—
President Truman said today that
he will combine his state-of-the
union and budget messages into a
single document and present it to
Congress Monday.
The messages customarily are
transmitted separately. Mr. Truman
told a news conference, however,
that he believes the state of the
union actually is wrapped up in the
budget and that one message is
enough.
