# 'One-Acts' Due Today
## 
### 
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
All original one-act plays for the
Ram's Head contest must be turned
in by noon today at the Dramatic
Council in the Old Union building
or to any of the directors.
Try-outs for parts in the win
ning plays as well as for positions
011 the technical crew will he held
today and tomorrow from 7 to 10
p.m. This phase of the production
will he under the direction of Ja
nice Swan, I'at Ncilsen, Lorna
Robertson, and Murray Stilton.
Marie Jo McGervey, technical di
rector, has opened positions on the
technical crew. Such jobs as set
construction, make - up, and cos
tumes will be offered.
Ram's Head One-Acts has been a
traditional winter production since
1938 succeeding the earlier three
acts given by the Masquers, fore
runners of Ram's Head. A record
group of 32 plays were submitted in
1939.
A highlight in previous produc
tions was a play in 1942 which fea
tured Ted Marcuse, who will soon
be seen as Petruehio in "The Tam
ing of the Shrow." In 1944 the two
prize plays were "Coast to Coast" by
Bill Rose, now an instructor in the
Stanford English Department and
"Death in the Limelight" by Peggy
Ritz, one of the Gaieties stars.
