# LEAVES FOR POLO MATCHES
## 
### 
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
Lieutenant Charles S. Whitmore left
yesterday for Santa Barbara for the
polo matches there. He will play as a
member of the Presidio of Monterey
team. The tournament at Santa Bar
bara, which takes place August 5-15,
is sponsored by the polo club of that
city.
The officers on the Monterey Pre
sidio team, other than Whitmore, are
McNair, Barden, and Read.
