# STADIUM ADDITIONS NOW BEGINNING TO TARE VISIBLE FORM
## Huge Framework Bolted Into Place; Flat Cars Used in Work 
### 
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
With the building of the framework,
upon which the new seats are to be
constructed and the outer structure to
be added, it is now possible to gain a
conception of what the additions to
the , stadium will look like when com
pleted.
Huge frames, carried to place by
small flat cars which run around the
top of the stadium, are being bolted
into place upon the foundation of the
piles which have already been driven.
These frames are constructed below,
near the east-end opening of th bowl.
Yesterday, three-fourths of the piles
which form the foundation had been
laid, according to Robert Lindsay, who
has charge of the general daily work.
The pile-driver is now averaging
twenty poles a week, and should com
plete its work by the middle of next
week.
An interesting feature of the work
is the method of transporting the ma
terials about the top of the stadium.
While eighteen hundred feet of track
has already been l&id, this is but half
of the total amount which will be
necessary to reach completely around
the bowl top. Flat cars are pulled up
the grade near the east entrance by
means of a winch, the power being
supplied by a tractor. Once the cars
are on the level, they are propelled by
man-power.
The arcade about the top, when fin
ished, will be composed of a series of
arches. There will be an arch at the
top of each stairs. The arcade, al
though occupying what is now the rim
of the stadium, will be beneath the
seats which are being added. Thus the
interior of the stadium, instead of
coming to a blunt top, as it does now,
will end in a point, since the top row
of seats will be around the uppermost
edge of the newly added superstruc
ture.
