# EARTHQUAKES TO BE DR. JORDAN'S SUBJECT
## 
### 
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
Speaking from personal experience
gained during the San Francisco
earthquake of 1906, Dr. Jordan will dis
cuss "Earthquakes, Their Cause and
Cure," at an informal meeting at his
home tonight at 7:30.
Dr. Jordan has lately made an ex
tensive study of temblors and will give
his opinion on the fault lines of Cali
fornia. He was president of the Uni
versity at the time of the San Fran
cisco disaster.
i The discussion is one of the Thurs
day evening lectures given weekly by
Dr. Jordan for students and campus
residents. All are invited to attend.
