# Under the Sun C. N. H.
## 
### 
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
RECOGNITION
1 stood before a cage,
a cage whose bars
imprisoned gloom. . .
and the brutish eyes
of an ape that stared
at me with what I knew
were vague peanut
longings.
Yet as we looked at
~ each other I felt
distinctly ill at
ease, and finally
walked away abruptly
just as the creature
was about to start
a conversation.
