# ZOOLOGY CLUB TO HOLD FIRST MEETING TONIGHT
## 
### 
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
Election of officers and reports from
members with reference to the work
during the summer will be the main
business at the first meeting of the
Zoology Club in the Botany Library at
8 o'clock.
