# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
! PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISER*
WESTERN UNION
j PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Un-on has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
I
