# A 						Phi O Returns Available Today
## 
### 
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
Students may pick up unsold
books and monev from this quar
ter's Alpha Phi Omega book sale
today and tomorrow from 0 a.m.
to (5 p.m. in Room 10(>, Main Li
brary.
