# FINGER STARRED
## 
### 
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
Stanford golf coach Bud Finger
teamed with Dee Replogle, War
ren Berl and Bud Brownell to win
.'he 1941 NCAA golf champion
ship.
