# Consul to Discuss Marshall Grants
## 
### 
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul-general in San Francisco, will
be on campus tomorrow to discuss
the Marshall Scholarships with
students interested in applying
for the British-sponsored grants.
I he discussion is open to all stu
dents anrl will be held at 2 p.m.
in Room 101 D.
