# A.S.S.U. Promises Dates for Dance
## 
### 
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
Inaugurating a new system, a date
bureau is temporarily in existence
on the Stanford campus. Virginia
Stevens is in command of the un
orthodox institution and all inter
ested in dates may get in touch with
her at the Union residence for
women.
Dates are being distributed now
for the A.S.S.U. summer informal
this Friday evening at Toyon. Play
ing for this most famous of all sum
mer activities will be Ozzie Secrest
and his orchestra. Warren Cleary,
chairman of the dance, said there
are still some bids on sale at the
A.S.S.U- office.
