# Speaks Today
## 
### 

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.

DEAN EMERITUS Elwood P.
Cubberley, of the School of Edu
cation, and donor, with his wife,
of the Education Building, will
address the Education Club on
"Finding a New Job" today at noon
in Union dining hall.
