# Jordan to Speak on Japanese Life
## 
### 
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
A lecture on the "Home Life of the
Japanese," will be delivered by Presi
dent Jordan in the Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, March 12, at 8 p. m. The
talk will be illustrated by lantern
slides.
