# Suzzallo Speaks in Middle West.
## 
### 
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
Dr. A. IT. Suzzallo, Associate Pro
fessor of the Education department,
returned this morning from a three
weeks' trip to Chicago and the East.
Dr. Suzzallo went first to Indian
apolis, Tnd., where lie made two ad
dresses before the teachers of that
city. While in Indiana he also ad
dressed the teachers of the city of
Muncie. In Chicago he attended the
sessions of three Educational Con
ventions held by the National Edu
cational Association.
While in Chicago he delivered an
address before the National Conven
tion of School Superintendents and
one before the National Herbart So
ciety.
