# Frasier to Speak At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
George W. Frasier, president of J
Colorado State College of Education ;
and Stanford alumnus, will be the I
guest speaker before Luncheon Club |
tomorrow at 12:15 o'clock in the Nit
ery when he discusses "Fifty Years I
Ago."
Dr. Frasier has completed much I
research on what American life was
like 50 years ago and he will de
scribe * the dress, manners, reading,
and politics of that period. He will )
also include anecdotes and humorous I
quotations from newspaper adver- i
tisements of the time. The speaker, J
who at the time of his appointment
was the youngest college president
in the United States, will visualize
as much of the 1890 scene as possible
in the discussion.
The talk by Dr. Frasier was post
poned from last week due to the
engagement of Sherwood Eddy for
last Wednesday's Luncheon Club
address. The meetings ai'e open to '
everyone. There is a charge of 25 |
cents for luncheon.
