# SAN REMO CONTEST
## 
### 
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
Fifty thousand lire is the prize be
ing offered for the best work by a
non-Italian on a topic concerning the
progress and conquests of contempo
rary Italy in the fields of science,
literature and art.
