# FATE STILL UNDECIDED
## 
### 

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)

David Lamson is shown in court at San Jose in custody of the sheriff.
Tlie jury which heard his second pica for freedom has been dismissed,
unable to 'igree as to a verdict after nearly 95 hours of exhaustive de
liberation. (Associated Press Photo.)
