# Reynolds Ends Service On City Engineer Board
## 
### 
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
Leon 13. Reynolds, professor of
sanitary engineering, has just com
pleted service on the board of con
sulting sanitary engineers for Ihe
city of San Francisco. The board,
which started work last July, was
made up of several other outstand
ing civil engineers.
Tlie board recommended proper
methods of sewage disposal to pre
vent the present pollution of the
beaches and shore waters of the
Marina and Aquatic Park. Besides
these recommendations, the board
made several proposals for future
expenditures for improvements.
