# 'Y' Membership Dinner Date Changed to May 22
## 
### 
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
The date of the Y.W.C.A. mem
bership dinner, at which the new of
ficers will be installed, has been
changed from Tuesday, May 21, to
Wednesday, May 22.
Additional committee heads have
been named by Kay Bates, general
chairman. They include Jean Car
routh, chairman of decoration com
mittee; Ruth Wilson, head of clean
up committee; Vivian Kay, head of
serving committee; and Lucy Yost,
in charge of menu.
