# DOUBLES CHAMPION
## 
### 

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)

Priscilla Merwin, Stanford fresh
man, was a member of the junior
doubles national championship
team last year and ranks second
on the tennis ladder at Stanford.
(Stanford Daily Photo.)
