# Adv. 20 Page 8
## 
### 
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
SUMMER JOB &
YEAR-ROUND
INCOME
Great money in your spare
time. Very satisfying, fun
promotion. No direct sel
ling, backaches or finger
exercises. No gimmicks;
strictly legitimate. Write
to:
MIF Box 327
Bellbrook, OH 45305
