# WHEATLEY, DOEG FIGHT FOR FIRST TENNIS POSITION
## 
### 
A feature tennis match for the
ranking position on the varsity team
will be played between Captain John
Wheatley and Johnnie Doeg this af
ternoon on the varsity courts at 2
o'clock.
There is considerable interest in
the outcome of this match, as Doeg
and Wheatley at present rank one
and two. The two men are rather
evenly matched, although neither has
been playing as well this fall as ho
is supposed to be able to.
The match is the first of several
ranking matches which are played
every week to determine team rat
ing. Renzel and Weesner will battle
for the third position at the same
time, and Easton will challenge Dris
coll's present rank as fifth man.
Following the singles contests, dou
bles competition will be held. Doeg
and Wheatley are matched with
Weesner and Forbes, while Hall and
Farwell will play Renzel and Easton.
A third match is to be held between
the Stephens-Castellanos and McKel
llp-Gantner doubles pairs.
There will be a meeting of the
freshman squad this afternoon at f>
o'clock in Room 45 of tho Board of
Athletic Control building, when team
rankings will be announced.
