# TRYOUTS FOR VARSITY DEBATE SQUAD TODAY
## 
### 
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
Additional members for the varsity j
debating squad will be selected this
fiiternoon between 3 and 5 o'clock
when tryout speeches will be heard
by the coaches in Room 214. Appli
cants are asked to report to Room
231 however.
