# What Now?
## 
### 

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.

A Stanford coed faces one of those
nice little old ladies, and gets the
word. So endeth the first ordeal.
