# Nitery Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
Tryouts for Shakespeare's
Twelfth Night, to be presented
February 22-26, will be held to
morrow, Thursday, and Friday
evenings in the Nitery at. 7:30
p.m. Undergraduates interested
in any phase of the production
are invited to attend these try
outs.
Casting will be conducted in
cooperation with Ram's Head's
Lysistrata, so that prospective
actors may try out for both pro
ductions. Gerald Hiken of the
Repertory Theater will direct
Twelfth Night as a happening, a
presentation which involves the
audience physically, and which
features "happenings" seeming
ly irrelevant to the play itself.
