# '47 Officers Announced
## 
### 
Stanford's senior class has ap
pointed Shirley Sneath as president
and Jackie Boucher as secretary.
The new appointments were made
necessary when H. D. Thoreau and
B. J. King, former president and
secretary, left school at the end of
winter quarter.
Other members of the senior class
excom are Bill Anthony, Betty Jane
Elliott, Al Larson, and Mary Al
Smith.
The class is beginning plans for
its senior ball. Carl Burke and
Elaine Wood are co-chairmen of the
affair.
Betty Jane Elliott and Bob Ayres
are in charge of the senior picnic,
which will be in Mangini's Park at
1:30, April 13, Chairmen of picnic
committees are John Sadler, sports;
Bob Avery, transportation; and Pat
ty Robinson, publicity.
