# INTRAMURAL SIGNUP
## 
### 
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
Softball takes over the Intra
mural sports spotlight toda> with
team-signups scheduled for all
mural managers in the office of
Director Gene Coldiron. Registra
tion of all potential diamond teams
will continue tomorrow. Coldiron
stated.
Living groups should organize
soflball squads as quickly as pos
sible in preparation for the all
campus competition. The initial
battle has been tentatively listed
for next Monday.
Meanwhile, track coach Jack
Weicrshauser cleared the deck
for the Campus track classic.
April 10 and 11. by announcing a
completely new sign-up period for
Friday. The intramural cinder
event was cancelled last quarter
because of the problem of setting
eligibility standards.
