# Engineers to Meet ASCE in Phoenix
## 
### 
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers has invited a group of
Stanford civil engineering students,
members of the society's Student
Chapter, to attend a conference in
Hotel Westward Ho, Phoenix, Ari
zona, on April 24.
Leaders of the civil engineering
profession will discuss subjects of
particular interest to the embryo
engineers, with postwar problems
dominating the conference themes.
The 94-year-old society is the
oldest national engineering organiza
tion in the United States, and in
cludes 123 Student Chapters.
