# Accurate Punter
## 
### 

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.

Associated Press Photo

When the Colorado college Tigers
need an accurate punt to pull them
out of a danger zone. Capt. Leon
"Hap" Starbuck steps back from his
job at tackle. He consistently gets
off accurate kicks that travel
around 50 yards.
