# DAILIES NOT MAILED TO MAYFIELD, MENLO
## 
### 
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
Those students living in Mayfield
and Menlo Park will receive their
Dailies each morning at the Stan
ford Bookstore, as mailing costs to
these districts make delivery pro
hibitive, M. Lewis Thompson, busi
ness manager, announced yesterday.
No more papers will be left in the
Library, but an adequate supply
will be placed in the Bookstore.
Mailing service for the peninsula
will begin Thursday.
