# NO TEA TODAY
## 
### 
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
Since Dean Mary Yost has been
invited to attend a dinner at Mills
in honor of the dean of Smith Col
lege this evening, she will not hold
her at-home today.
