# MAN KILLED BY TREE
## 
### 
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 17. (/Pi— Nick
Calivakis, 40, of Eureka, was killed
near here early today when a tree,
blown over by tha storm, fell across
the tent in which he slept with
three other men.
