# VOTE TRAINING RULES FOR WOMEN ATHLETES
## Athletic Association Bans All Sweets and Dances Prior to Meets 
### 
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
That women competing in interclass
meets must obey training rules, was
the decision reached last night by the
Women's Athletic Association Rigid
training rules will be adopted by the
Athletic Association, which will in
clude a minimum of eight hours sleep
every day in the week, retirement at
10:30 week nights, restriction of the
eating of sweets and pastry, especi
ally between meals, and non-attend
ance at dances. As soon as the rules
are definitely fixed they will be printed
and copies posted at the gymnasium.
Beginning with next week, the inter
class series in hockey will start off.
A. game is scheduled for November 5,
between the freshmen and sophomore
women, and on November 6 between
the juniors and seniors. These games
will continue until each class has
played each of the other classes the
best two out of three games. At the
first practice of the hockey squads
next week, captains will be chosen
and class colors to be used as distin
guishing insignias in the games will
be picked. The tentative date of No
vember 22 has been set for the inter-
class meet with California, and prob
ably December C for the meet with
Mills.
Inter-class tennis tournaments will
also start at once, and all women in
terested in tennis are urged to see
Miss Ruth Garland, '20, at once, and
enter their names.
There will also be an inter-class
swimming meet the last part of No
vember, and an interclass intercol
legiate meet with Mills, early in De
cember. Mrs. Ernest Brandsten is in
structor In swimming and wishes all
women who desire to compete in these
meets to see her and start practice
at once.
