# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
ililin i\^Tl
SHORTS STORY
I I
Gym Type
| SHORTS I
65c I
BROADCLOTH WITH
CRIPPER FASTENERS
I ROOA Btoa
125 UNIVERSITY AVE • ENCINA SHOP |
IL-W-X. A.A V. 41-> •j A* > ■ iV-lft'j
