# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


ARTSY PHYSICS
Artists' depictions of physical
phenomena on display until Friday
INNOVATION/3

CAL WINS AGAIN
An inspired women's field hockey
team nearly beats the Bears.
SPORTS/11


