# Plug Ugly Plans Laid.
## 
### 
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
Arrangements for holding the 1915
Plug Ugly Show and Rush were made
today by the Junior men. The plug
hats will be supplied by Wideman and
Son and should be ordered immedi
ately. The affair will be held Octo
ber 31, one week before the intercol
legiate game, at the oval.
