# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
W. Tucker, '12, holds a position
known as Student Ofiicer with the
Southern Pacific.
