# ASSU Petitions
## 
### 
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
Anyone who is interested in
running for ASSU President,
Senior Class President, or a
member of the Student Conduct
Legislative Council (SCLC), may
pick up petitions today in the
ASSU Offices on the second floor
of Tresidder Union.
