# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
Seventy-five per cent of the U.C.
men wear emblems to designate their
university.
