# Mayor Thompson Seeks to Show Britainizing of U.S.
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13—The last of
Mayor William Hale Thompson's "ex
pert witnesses" will testify Monday
to explain to the Mayor's Board of
Education that a plot is under way

to Britainize the United States.
Charles Grant Miller, former New
York newspaperman, will take the
stand when trial of William McAn
drew, superintendent of schools, is
resumed, and tell of the insidious
writings he found in history text
hooks when a similar investigation
was under way in New York several
years ago.
