# Farm Socialists To Hear Millis
## 
### 
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
Socialists start their bid for stu
dent favor tomorrow when the
Stanford Committee for Thomas and
Nelson holds an organization meet
ing at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Feature of the meeting will be a
speech by W. A. MilJis: "Youth Faces
the Election.'' He will endeavor to
prove that little difference exists
between the two major party candi
dates, and that only Socialism can
solve present problems.
