# He Never Left His Feet
## 
### 

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)

"JUMPY JOE" VIGNA, rocking right halfback, is shown here about
halfway through his 46-yard jaunt to a score in the first quarter of
Saturday's 7-7 tie with Oregon. Kennedy (20), Oregon quarter, was
just one of the four Webfoot players who had a chance at Joe without
the hazard of Stanford blockers during the last 35 yards of the
thrust. (A.P. Photo)
