# Frosh Catcher Injures Finger in Batting Practice
## 
### 
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
Jim Corner, a catcher on the frosh
baseball squad, yesterday fractured
the second finger on his right hand
while working out behind the plate
in batting practice. The injury will
keep him out of a suit for at least
.six weeks.
