# U.C. Leaders Move To Oust Compulsory Military
## 
### 
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
Casting aside traditional rivalry
University of California freshmen
and sophomores will unite Friday
evening to stage a freshman reccp
tion-pre-Stanford basketball dance
The affair is to welcome new stu
dents and provide a celebration foi
the entire campus on the eve of the
opening game of the Indian-Beai
hoop series.
