# LAW DEAN IN L.A.
## 
### 
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
Stanford Law School is in Los An
geles today attending a meeting of
the Administration of Justice Com
mittee of the California State Bar
Association. He will return for Fri
day classes.
Walter Marty of Fresno, world's
high jump champion, will go East
for a barnstorming tour beginning
next week.
