# THETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Virginia Keim, Class of
'37.
