# NAZI BISHOP
## 
### 
Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

Keichsbishop Ludwig Mueller,
whose attempt to impose Nazi
dictatorship on the Protestant
churches of Germany, has been
met by open defiance from thou
sands of pastors throughout the
country. (United Press Photo)

