# Belmont Defeats Freshmen.
## 
### 
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
The Belmont School eleven .de
feated the Freshmen on the oval
this afternoon by the score 6 to 0.
