# Roble Calling Nights.
## 
### 
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
Owing to a misunderstanding,
Saturday and Sunday nights were
set down by the University author
ities as the nights upon which the
Roble women should receive their
callers, instead of Friday and Sat
urday evenings as chosen by the
girls themselves. In a meeting
yesterday the students in Roble
decided to let the change stand,
with the stipulation that for this
week only to avoid confusion they
receive on Friday and Saturday as
formerly decided.
