# Adv. 51 Page 16
## 
### 
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
If you have books at
Beat the Bookstore,
you must pick them up
ON
May 18 or May 20*
11 a.m. - 5 p.m., or
they will be donated to
charity. The ASSU
Beat the Bookstore
project has been
CANCELLED.
