# Commencement voices from the past
## 
### 
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
1986
in order to tran
scend the best,
study the humble.
Find those whom
televison ignores
and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television
bestows.'

1990
'This country
needs more wise
and courageous
shepherds and
fewer sheep, who
borrow from
integrity to fund
expediency.*

1991
'Everyone wants to
be interesting, but
the vitalizing thing
is to be interested.
Keep your curiosi
ty, your sense of
wonder. Discover
new things. Care.
Risk. Reach out.'

1992
'[An education] is
sort of like the seat
of your pants: You
can rest on it, or
just use it to cover
your butt, but you
use it best and
most artfully when
you fly by it.'


Ted Koppel


Marian Wright Edelman


John Gardner


Kirk Varnedoe
