# DEAN YOST AT HOME
## 
### 
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
Dean Yost will be at home to
students and friends at tea tomor
row afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock.
Jean Reynolds, Helen Hirshfelder,
Ruth McLaughlin, and Betty Landis
will serve.
