# Last Night's Concert.
## 
### 
The announcement that Messrs.
Savannah and Fickenscher would
appear in concert brought out a
large audience last night. The
gentlemen have appeared before
Stanford people a number of times,
and because their music is always
excellent they are always well re
ceived. Last night's program,

while consisting of truly good
music, had nothing of the deepest
soul-stirring elements that rouse
the strongest degrees of passion.
Each selection was masterly in ex
ecution. While winning the sym
pathy of the audience, the compo
sition was of that happier nature
where no excess permits the pain
of joy, hut leaves ecstatic passion
ever undercurrent to serene beauty.
This may he said in particular of
the closing number, in which the
artists seemed decidedly at their
best.
