# University of Chicago Faculty.
## 
### 
Statistics have recently been com
piled concerning the faculty of the
University of Chicago. It has been
ascertained that its members are di
vided among the following colleges
as concerns their academic training:
Amherst four; Beloit, three; Cam
bridge (England), three; the old
University of Chicago, three; Colby,
two; Denison, five; University of
California, two; University of Edin
burgh, one; Goettingen, two; Har
vard, six; Heidelbsrg, one; Johns
Hopkins, one; Michigan, five;
Rochester, four; University of Penn
sylvania, two; Williams, three; Yale,
eleven. Besides these enumerated,
almost every important college of
this country and many of the foreign
universities are represented by at
least one or more men.
Statistics have recently been com
piled concerning the faculty of the
University of Chicago. It has been
ascertained that its members are di
vided among the following colleges
as concerns their academic training:
Amherst four; Beloit, three; Cam
bridge (England), three; the old
University of Chicago, three; Colby,
two; Denison, five; University of
California, two; University of Edin
burgh, one; Goettingen, two; Har
vard, six; Heidelbsrg, one; Johns
Hopkins, one; Michigan, five;
Rochester, four; University of Penn
sylvania, two; Williams, three; Yale,
eleven. Besides these enumerated,
almost every important college of
this country and many of the foreign
universities are represented by at
least one or more men.
