# Elsen Emphasizes Rodin Modernity
## 
### 
LINDA FREIDEL
In the first of six "Wednesday
Lectures in Art," sponsored by
the Art and Architecture Depart
ment, Dr. Albert Elsen stressed
Rodin's modernity, against the
background of nineteenth century
conservatism.
Rodin was modern in spite of
himself. His public art, monu
mental sculpture such as "The
Thinker," was conceived in a sin
cere desire to conform with the
ideals of academic art: art must
instruct and ennoble.
NEVERTHELESS, Rodin was
a restless craftsman, feeling out
the surface of man. In his "pri
vate" sculpture, tiny wax
sketches, Rodin's modernity is
most evident, for he became en
grossed in the image of a person,
forgetting style.
Rodin seemed to "eradicate the
boundaries between life and art,"
yet his art is not realism b u t
spiritual exaggeration of the
mind and body so that the sur
face of the sculpture is hypersen
sitive and the image more real
than life.
Thus Rodin's feeling for hi s
craft and for phenomena, for life
in process, took precedence over
his nineteenth century concern
for propriety and academicism.
Elsen is Visiting Professor of
Art History at Stanford from Uni
versity of Indiana.
