# Ed Research Talk Set for Tuesday
## 
### 
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
Dr. Lawrence Gregg Thomas, pro
fessor of educational philosophy,
will deliver the fourth in this sum
mer's scries of education lecture-
Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Dr. Thomas will discuss value
frames of reference in educational
re. earch.
All classes in the School of Edu
cation are excused at that time,
