# Hoover Libe Board Has New Members
## 
### 
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
Enlargement of the Advisory
Board of the Hoover Institute and
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace from eight to 23 members was
announced recently by President
Wallace Sterling.
The organization* founded by Her
bert Hoover in 1929, is recognized
as one of the major libraries and re
search centers of the world in the
(ield of international affairs.
