# Conn-Jones Bout Scheduled for Dec.
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24 (UP).—The
Billy Conn-Clarence Jones heavy
weight bout, scheduled for Nov. 18
at Buffalo, N.Y., was postponed to
day until Dec. 9.
This change was made at a con
ference between Promoters Mike
Jacobs of New York and Charley
Murray of Buffalo. It will prevent
the Buffalo bout's result from in
terfering with the Conn-Lee Savold
battle, slated for Madison Square
Garden, Nov. 29.
