# NORM AVERAGES 44
## 
### 
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
Norm Standlee, pile-driving full
back of the Stanford varsity, is now
the country's second ranking kicker,
with a punting average of over 44
vards; per kick.
