# Girl registered in draft
## 
### 

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.

THE ONLY GIRL in (he nation whose name is on the U. S. Selective
Service lists is Miss Keka Schvvanke, Austin, Minn., who misunderstood
a radio broadcast on the draft and persuaded a woman clerk to accept
her registration. In regular procedure, she was given a number, 14.
Since numbers can't lie transferred, she may be called. If not, she
says she'll be disappointed.
