# Drivers to Renew '29 Licenses Soon
## 
### 
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
If you are driving with a 1929
"good until revoked" license, it is
advisable to have it renewed now
rather than later, announces the
California Department of Motor Ve
hicles. Although 1929 licenses arc
still valid, they will be revoked
within the next few months in order
to replace them with new four-year
licenses.
New licenses may be obtained in
Santa Clara County at 2285 El Ca
mino Real, Palo Alto, from 9 to 5
o'clock on Thursday and Friday;
in San Mateo County at the C.H.P.
office, 601 Marshall Street, Red
wood City, from 9 to 5 o'clock Mon
day and Friday, and 9 to 12 o'clock
on Saturday.
