# FASHIONS CONSISTENT
## 
### 
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
Dame Fashion is consistent about
one thing: year after year she sanc
tions the traditional blues and
blacks, keeps their chic constant.
Once in a while she lets a dark
horse in—this year it's the new
benedictine brown.
