# HUSKIES PREP FOR CAL
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 (UP). — No
changes will be made in the Uni
versity of Washington lineup when
Ihe Huskies clash with California
