# Y.M.C.A. Donates Papers to Library
## 
### 
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
Newspaper published by American j
soldiers in France during the first
, World War have >been presented to |
j the Hoover Library, it was an- i
nounced this week. The gift, given
by t he National Council of the
Y.W.C.A., included trench and camp :
papers, and United States regi
■ mental histories.
A collection of 68 volumes con- j
cerned with the World War was ;
given by Valentine Macy, Jr., and
from William Valentine of San
Francisco the library received a set
| of bronze presidential medals.
Other recent donations to the li
brary include a collection of propa
ganda on the EPIC campaign of 1934,
including Sinclair publications,
press releases, and background ma
terials on economic and political
conditions in California at their
period.
