# Lowly jerkin Is New For Evening Clothes
## 
### 
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
The jerkin and pinafore, which
started out the season its the most
casual of campus wear, have in
vaded fashionable circles and
emerged (it for more formal occa
sions. Black velveteen pinafores
with white sheer blouses make
lovely date or dinner dresses, ac
cording to length.
Many of the jerkins, in bright
colors, are embroidered in gold or
jet and worn over taffeta or crepe
dinner dresses. One of the most
successful is a red crepe jerkin to
be worn over th.it "good black''
dress.
