# F.D.R. Asks Congress For Coal Mining Law
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP). —
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to enact a law giving the
Interior Department jurisdiction
over inspections of coal mines in an
effort to reduce hazards in the coal
mining industry.
