# FEATHERS WITH FUR
## 
### 
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
Fine feathers will make fine hats
this year. The most striking ones
are made of feathers in a beige
tone with brown spots—surprisingly
good with a leopard coat.

Bugle beads fashion the majority
of the small evening purses that
just fit in your escort's pocket.
