# Monograms Mark Stanford Woman
## 
### 
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
Identification tags in the modified
form of monogram pins, clips, belt
buckles and buttons are standard
equipment among Stanford coeds.
Ciirls initial their clothes and pos
sessions from pajamas to handker
chiefs to luggage and stationery.
This season the Farm women are
wearing monograms embroidered in
bright silk or burnt on leather or
wood.
