# Social Service Meeting Postponed.
## 
### 
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
The open meeting- of the Social
Service Club, which was scheduled
for Tuesday evening, has been post
poned to Wednesday evening because
of a conflict with the interclass de
bate between the Sophomore and
Freshman teams.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, will address
the meeting Wednesday evening on
"The Banks, the Stock Market, and
the Present Financial Stringency."
