# Hoard of Trustees To Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
The Board of Trustees of the Uni
versity will hold their regular
monthly business meeting tomorrow
afternoon in San Francisco. A few
appointments and routine business
will occupy the time of the Board.
