# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
Miss Beatrice Freuler, '13, and
Emil F. Cykler will be married to
morrow in the Bay City. Miss Freu
ler is a member of Alpha Omicron Pi
sorority.
