# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
The Daily publishes a sample of
opinion on subjects of topical
interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted
for publication must be
double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Letters, which
should not exceed 35 lines, are
more likely to be published than
columns, which should not
exceed 70 lines.
