# Stuff It
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.

Daily Photo by Rocky Whitson
Yestcrelay's voting 1 brought a heavy
turn-out sis students exercised the
franchise at various polling places on
campus. Up for grabs are (ln» ASSU
presidency and vi<«e prcseidency. Sr.
class presidency and NSA representa
tive.
