# Students Vote 1309 to 150 for Bok Peace Plan
## 
### 
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
Final returns from the vote taken
last week on the Bok Peace plan
showed 1,309 students to be in favor
of the plan and 150 against it. Mem
bers of the faculty voted 113 to 12
for it.
