# Sock Hop Displays Argyles Muk-Luks
## 
### 
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
Hoble girls and their escorts will
dance in their stocking feet this eve
ning at the Hoble Sock Hup in the
hall dining rooms from 8:110 till
12:3 U. Tickets are on sale for $1
from corridor representatives.
Entertainment for the evening
will include a men's suck fashion
show, a Virginia reel, an accordion
solo, and a hula. Music will be by
records and refreshments will be
served.
Correct attire is Quad clothes and
socks or '*muk - luks." Boys can
check their shoes at the door.
Committee chairmen are: Shirley
'1 hompson, genera! chairman; Mary
Spiegl, publicity; Joyce Brasen, en
tertainment; Sally St. John deco
rations; Ann Fratessa, clean - up;
Wendy Fish, refreshments; Diana
Huston, invitations; Barbara Bird,
arrangements.
