# BLOCK 'S' SWEATER DAY
## 
### 
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
Don Campbell, president of the
Stanford letlernicn's society, has
requsled all nomogram winners to
wear their award sweaters today.
Today has been designated as
"Block 'S' Sweater Day" ami is a
revival of an old Farm tradition.
