# Untitled Article
## 
### 

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.

STAN CHRISTIE, Troy's crack center, hands-off to teammate Bill Sharman, leading scorer in
the Southern Division. The two have been USC's most potent scoring punch, and both will be
out to make it four straight against the cellar-dwelling Indians in tonight's Pavilion game.
