# WOMEN'S ATHLETICS
## 
### 
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
Staid ord women will host San
Francisco State here tomorrow
morning. Spectators are welcome.
Basketball will start in the Wom
en's Gym at 9:45 with a second game
at 10:45. Recreational riding will
also be included in the Sports Day
program.
