# Dixie-Land Jazz Featured At Toyon Dance Tonight
## 
### 
Dixieland jazz will reverberate i
through llit- walls ol Toyon tonight
from 9 to I as the hall presents an
aill-campus dance featuring the mu
sic of Happy Williams and his New 1
Orleans Jazz Men.
Tickets for the dance, which will
be held in the hall lounge, will be
on sale today fur 25 cents a person
in front ol the Union, in the ASSI.J
office, and tonight at the door.
Students will have a chance to
practice their Charlestons and Bal
buas or ju:.t listen as Williams and
his band play the popular jazz tunes
of today.
Refreshments will be served and
the dress is strictly informal, ac
curding to Hal Silvers, Toyon so
cial chairman.
Toyun Hall will hold a closed
iireside Sunday night from 8:110 to
10:30. Coffee and doughnuts will be
served
