# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
Princeton students must pass a stip
ulated swimming test now before they
can receive diplomas at graduation.
