# Jitney Bus Theme of Nestoria Debate
## 
### 
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
The j tney bus will be attacked ami
defended by forensic artists of Nestor
ia at the regular meeting of the socie
ty this evening at 7:30 in the Law lec
ture room. G. C. Itainey, '17, and H.
Sierk, '17, affirmative; F. F. Wheeler,
'15, and H. L. Say, '18. negative, are
the debaters who will argue the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the regulation of
jitney busses be similar to that of
street railways."
