# COFFEE, DESSERT
## Ed Council Looks for Informality 
### 
A pair of informal all-carnpu<s
lunch desserts and two afternoon
coffee hours stand uppermost on
the Education Council planning
board for summer quarter.
Ed Council, at present a 34-
member body made up of repre
sentatives from each class taught
in the School of Education, is put
ting its emphasis this quarter on
promoting increased informal re
lations between Education stu
dents and those of other schools
of the University and faculty
members.
Ed Council is expected to for
mally ask Legislature Monday to
co-sponsor the lunch desserts.
They have been tentatively slated
for July 23 and August 6 in the
courtyard between wings of Cub
berly Hall.
The noon functions would fea
ture free dessert and beverage and
would be open to faculty as well
as students.
Plans for the afternoon coffee
hours, according to Vice-President
Jim Rasmussen, center around in
formal speakers and question-and
answer periods. These have been
tentatively set for July 16 and 30,
depending upon the availability of
speakers. These also would be
open to the entire campus.
Caroline Britt has been elected
president of the council for the
summer, and Dick Hayden is sec
retary-treasurer. Miriam Wagen
schiem is Legislature representa
tive. and Dr. Thomas James of the
Education School faculty is ad
viser.
In addition to providing social
services to Ed schoolers, the coun
cil will again conduct its course
evaluation program. At the invi
tation of professors in the Ed
school, the council oversees evalu
ative studies of particular courses.
