# ITINERANT INSECTS FREQUENT CALLERS ON THIS CAMPUS
## 
### 
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
First a hum, then silence, broken
after a spell by slaps and muffled
expletives. And another mosquito
has bitten the dust after coming
miles ot secure fodder with a col
lege education.
The musical insect situation has
been explained by R. E. Hackley,
head of Santa Clara County mosqu
to abatement work, who is unable
to discover extensive breeding
grounds on the west side of the
bay, but maintains that our winged
visitors reproduce unmolested in
the salt marshes across the bay.
The distance traversed by those
mosquitos dining on the campus is
not considered remarkable, for in
stances have been noted where
able-bodied specimens will travel
thirty or more miles for a good
meal.
Steps are being taken to organ
ize defensive societies in the mo
squito-producing districts in the
hope of controlling next year's
hatch.
