# INVESTIGATIONS SHOW MRS. JANE STANFORD AIDS KINDERGARTENS
## Was Liberal With Time and Money at Conception Of New Movement 
### 
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
A phase of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford's philanthropic activities which
is not generally known is her connec
tion with the kindergarten movement.
Recent investigations by Misses Sarah
Margaret Burns and Olive L. Sham- j
baugh, students in the Education De- ;
partment of Dr. Almack, reveal the j
scope of Mrs. Stanford's work.
It was Leland Stanford, Jr.'s chari
table nature which was the leading
impulse in his mother's interest in
kindergartens. Her contributions,
which began before her son's death
but only reached formidable propor- j
tions afterward, amounted to $170,000
in all.
In Memory of Son
Mrs. Stanford's first activity in con- j
nection with kindergartens dates from
1875. In the following years she made
a detailed study of the subject and
rendered much in the way of personal
service as well as financial support.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso- j
ciation was established in 1879 with
Mrs. Stanford as one of the prime
movers.
After Leland's death she established
seven memorial kindergartens, the one
started in 1884 being the first of its
kind in the world. Five of the new
organizations were located in San !
Francisco, one in Menlo Park, and one
in Mayffeld.
Endows Kindergarten
In 1890 Mrs. Stanford set aside
$100,000 in bonds, the income from
which was to be used to endow the
Memorial Kindergartens. At the time j
of the earthquake in 1906 those lo- j
cated on the peninsula were closed j
and it was necessary to rebuild and
relocate those in San Francisco.
