# "CHUCK" BEARDSLEY MARRIES
## 
### 
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
Marian Ruth Gower, '24, and Charles
Edward Beardsley, '25, were married
in Santa Barbara August 12. Beardsley
was president of the Associated Stu
dents two years ago, and is now com
pleting his law course at Stanford.
