# HAROLD BROWN WILL GIVE PAPER AT SIXTH PHILOSOPHY CONGRESS
## 
### 
Professor Harold Chapman Brown,
acting head of the Department of
Philosophy at Stanford this summer,
will give a paper entitled "Why the
Sensa" at the Sixth International Con
gress of Philosophy, which will be
held September 13-17 at Harvard Uni
versity. Professor Henry Waldgrave
Stuart, head of the Department of
Philosophy, and Doctor Moritz Geiger,
visiting professor from the University
of Gottingen, Germany, will also at
tend the Congress.
Professor Geiger will give two lec
tures, one in English on "The Pheno
menological Method," and one in Ger
man, "Oberfiaechen-und Tiefen-Wirk
ungen der Kunst," on the superficial
and profound effects of art.
Professor Brown's paper, "Why the
Sensa?" deals with a technical prob
lem in the philosophy of science re
lating to work done by Bertrand Rus
sell, Whitehead, and C. D. Broad.
Official representatives of Great
Britain, Prance, Germany, Italy, Can
ada, India, Amsterdam, Vilna, Lou
vain, Madrid, Johannesburg, South
Africa, Moscow, and Zurich have al
ready signified their intention of at
tending the meeting as delegates and
giving papers.
Convenient arrangements for the en
tertainment and lodging of the guests
will be made by the authorities of
Harvard University. Rooms will be
provided for those desiring them in
Smith Hall and Standish Hall, the lat
ter reserved for ladies.
Nicholas Murray Butler, President
of Columbia University, is chairman
of the organizing committee, and Pro
fessor James H. Woods of Harvard is
chairman of entertainment.
