# Quads.
## 
### 
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
—"Stew" Taylor, ex-'O4, has re
turned to Palo Alto from Nevada,
where he had a position witli a sur
veying party of the Southern Pacific
Railroad. lie will not return to
college.
—Dr. Apnea Kelly, Ph. I)., Uni
versity of Munich, lectured in the
chapel this afternoon on the sub
ject, "Life of Women in English
Colleges." After tracing the efforts
of women for recognition in colleges
from the earliest period, the speaker
elaborated upon the life of the girl
in high schools, and of women in all
the universities of Europe, showing
that their condition had been much
improved.
