# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
—Those men who are substituting
football for gymnasium work were
dismissed for outside work today.
