# Indicted by U.S.
## 
### 

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.

WILLIAM 11. DOW. president of
the Dow Chemical Company, is one
of six named in a federal indict
ment charged with curbing mag
nesium supply, thereby delaying
defense program.
