# Neale Faints, Forced To Default in Finals
## 
### 
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
After losing his semi-final singles
match to Hal Wagner of San Fran
cisco the previous day, Emery Neale,
Portland and Stanford tennisman,
fainted during his doubles final
match of the Western Canadian
championships at Vancouver and had
to default to his opponents, Wagner
and Hank Prusoff.
Neale's partner, Jack Gurley, also
a Farm student, replaced Neale in
the mixed doubles final to win that
title for the Farm with Dorothy
Head.
