# Teacher to Show Technicolor Film
## 
### 
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
"A Motion Picture of Our Com
munity" is the subject of a color
motion picture to be shown Thurs
day at 7:30 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The idea for the film, which shows
what actually goes on in Miss Alice
Stewart's summer demonstration
class at the campus school, was con
ceived entirely by members of the
class and was also taken and edited
by them. The class is one of the
education department's summer
courses designed for those students
who are teaching during regular
sessions in grammar and secondary
schools.
