# ESTABLISHES TRAINING TABLE
## 
### 
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
A training-table for University of'
Denver varsity football men has been
established as part of a special pro
gram of intensive training in prepara
tion for their game on Thanksgiving
Day.
