# THOMAS RATES CARDS STRONGEST ON COAST
## 
### 
"Stanford has the most powerful
team on the Pacific Coast this year,
and should defeat California with but
little trouble," says Blake Thomas,
regular end on last year's Cardinal
varsity. Thomas was unable to play in
either the California or Notre Dame
games last season because of a broken
ankle received earlier in the season.
He is a three-letter man in football.
"I have had but little opportunity to
see either of the teams in their games
this year, but from what I knew of
the Stanford players individually and
of their coach, I am sure that no team
on the Coast can approach Stanford in
offensive power. California is not
strong enough to stop that backfield,
and our defense, as shown by the
Washington games, ranks on a plane
with or above that of the Bears.
"Stanford; has by far the better
chance to win, in my opinion."
