# Tuition Fees at Berkeley.
## 
### 
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California has aroused
the wrath of the Oakland Feder
ated Trades by an alleged proposal
to charge tuition fees at Berkeley.
The Federated Trades have ap
pealed to the Governor to prevent
what it terms a blow at the work
ing people of the state. The para
graph in President Wheeler's bien
nial report which has caused the
trouble is as follows:
"Universities which charge a tu
ition fee find in this a means of
profit and elasticity of the budget
through which some approximate
adjustment of the income to the
various demands of the different
years is automatically effected. In
the year 1900-1901 Harvard Uni
versity received in the college
proper over $400,000 in tuition fees.
If a like fee were charged at this
University the increase in the un
degraduate enrollment of the past
two years would have brought with
it an increase in income of over
$80,000. As it is, every increase
in the enrollment brings the Uni
versity new embarrassment."
