# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
Contemporary Society.” Students,
faculty, and staff welcome. Lunch
35 cents.
