# 'Viva Marlon' Cry Seniors
## 
### 
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
Returning to Rossetti’s Al
pine Beer Garden after a suc
cessful run two weeks ago in
“The Wild One,” Marlon
Brando will appear tonight
in the Senior Movie Night
flick, “Viva Zapata.”
Brando will appear along
with Anthony Quinn in the
story of the Mexican revolu
tionary Emiliano Zapata.
“Doors are open now,” com
mented Movie Director Louie
Nordbye, “and the show will
start around 10 o’clock.”
Tickets for the Movie Night
may be purchased at the door
for 25 cents.
