# Sponsor List Announces 21
## 
### 
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
Heading the 1961-62 women
sponsors will be Susie Good
willie, Branner president, and
Julie Shearer, Roble presi
dent, it was announced yes
terday.
Working also at Branner
will bo Trina Johnson, vice
president: Joan Hulme, secre
tary; Judy Erickson, treas
urer; and Gail Hartig, com
mittee of five chairman.
Other Branner sponsors are
Mary Jeanette Erdman, Floss
Haines. Kay Hamilton, Kath
erine Knowles and Judith
Wyant.
Serving at Roble will be
Katie Bishop, vice president;
Virginia Abbott, secretary;
Gwen Gamble, treasurer; and
Carol Cairns, committee of
six chairman.
Other Roble sponsors arc
Suzan Bchrman, Peggy Har
rison, Louise Lamphere, Ed
die Raynor. Mary Rosenbaum
and Cathryn Stevenson.
Selected as sponsor alter
nates were Sally Baldigo, Ann
Cilly and Joanne Sparkman.
