# AMBERGRIS FOUND
## 
### 
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 22.
(/P)—Thirty ounces of ambergris,
valued at $900, was picked up near
here Ihis summer.
