# SAVANT HOLDS SUN GENERATOR OF LIFE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. (A 3 )—A theory
that life was generated spontane
ously by rays from "a sun far hotter
than it is today" was expounded by
Dean Irving S. Cutter of Northwest
ern University School of Medicine
last night.
Speaking before a campus group
on its origin, Dean Cutter said that,
in his opinion, modern science would
not succeed in reproducing life
synthetically in the laboratory.
