# WORK STARTS ON ZR-5
## 
### 
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 22. (/P)—Of
ficials of the Goodyear-Zeppelin
Corporation today announced work
on the ZR-5, sister ship of the
Akron, accepted by the Navy yes
terday, has been under way since
July 1. The ship is expected to be
completed in 1933.
Approximately two billion gallons
of beer were consumed during the
last year before prohibition.
