# JAPANESE PLANES BOMS MANCHURIAN RAILWAY STATIONS
## 
### 
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 22. (/P)—Manchurian
headquarters was informed yester
day by the Chinese director of the
Chinese director of the Chinese
Eastern Railway 1 Hat Japanese air
planes dropped five bombs over
Kwang Cheng-tze, north of the
junction of the South Manchuria
and Chinese Eastern railways. There
was no damage.
Another telegram today said a
Japanese plane bombed the Tahsing
station on the Taonan-Anganchi
Railway yesterday afternoon. The
extent of the damage was not given.
Both China and Japan have dis
approved the latest League of Na
tions' effort to ease troubles in
Manchuria.
