# CURTIS DENIES ANY DICTATORSHIP OFFER FROM OIL INDUSTRY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. (JP) —
Vice-President Curtis was deluged
today with inquiries about the re
port that he was to be named dic
tator of the oil industry. He gave
one reply to all:
"I have not been tendered the
position mentioned."
As senator for many years from
Kansas, Curtis was in close touch
with the oil industry in the Mid-
Continent field. He is well acquaint
ed with the problem of oil produc
tion and with the leaders in this
industry.
However, the vice-president em
phatically stated today that he had
not been approached in any way
about a position of importance in
that industry.
Meanwhile, he is giving full at
tention to the duties of his office.
He is still weighing the question
whether to run next year for re
election or to seek his former seat
in the senate from Kansas. He ex
pects to announce a decision next
month.
