# Angers Whistlers
## 
### 

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-

* «XXOT WV .WVW^)f.X*BOU«»WWW
Assuiiuted I'rcss I'hoto

Here's the man who started that
controversy about whistling. He is
Charles Gray Shaw, New York uni
versity philosophy professor', who
said whistlers were morons-
