# Botanical Society Will Meet.
## 
### 
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
The Botanical Society will meet
this evening at 7:45. Dr. Jordan
will address the society on the
subject of the"DeVries Mutation
Theory."
