# Geological Society Meets.
## 
### 
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
A meeting of the Geological So
ciety was held last night in Encina
Hall. Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department gave a brief
address on "Work of the Associa
tion."
