# Author-Historian To Talk on 'Past'
## 
### 
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
Henry Steel Commager, profes
sor of history at Amherst, will
speak April 6 at 4:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
His lecture will he on "The
Search for a Usable Past." There
will be no admission charge.
Professor Commager, an out
standing American scholar, is the
author of "The Blue and the
Gray." He served in Europe din -
ing World War 11 as a historian
for the OWI and the War Depart
ment.
