# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Schedules may he signed today
for the following job interviews
at the Placement Service office:
Carnation Milk Company: In
terviews April 2 and 3 for posi
tions in principal U.S. and eastern
Canadian cities. Openings for
M.B.A. and A.B. degrees in busi

ness, liberal at Is and chemistry.
Inderal Reserve Bank of Sail
Francisco: Interviews April 7 for
positions in San Francisco. Open
ings for A.B. and M.B.A. in man
agement trainee position.
Korilite Company, a National
Distillers A Chemical Company:
Interviews April G for positions
in California with possibility of
later transfer. Openings for
M.B.S. business administration:
marketing and economics.
Link Aviation Incorporated: In
terviews April 6 for positions in
Palo Alto. Openings for B.S. and
M.S. in electrical and mechanical
engineering.
iMcC'orinick Â»V Company, Schil
ling Division: Interviews April 3
for positions in San Francisco.
Openings for A.B. or M.A. in eco
nomics, accounting, business ad
ministration or industrial engi
neering.
Procter & (iambic Company:
Interviews April G for positions
in Sacramento and Long Beach
and other U.S. plants. Openings
for all engineering majors, B.S.
and M.S., chemistry, M.B.A. in
dustrial relations) and M.B.A.
with B.S. in engineering or chem
istry.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Interviews April 1 and 2 for
positions in California and Loui
siana-Texas Gulf Area. Openings
for B.S. and M.S. in chemical, me
chanical and petroleum engineer
ing, and B.S. in electrical engi
neering.
