# Beavers Take Down Indians
## 
### JACK GASKILL 
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
Nationally ranked Oregon State
defeated the Stanford wrestling
learn 28-8 Friday night in the Pa
vilion. The Indians had to give
up 15 points at the start by for
feiting the first three matches.
In the unlimited match more
than 200 spectators got a real
treat as undefeated Bruce Wil
helm downed last year's Confer
ence E Champion, Art Makinster,
by a 6-3 count. Wilhclm garnered
three takedowns, and an escape,
and riding time in winning his
eighth straight match, and his
toughest of the year.
The evening's biggest surprise
saw 167 lb. Frank Pratt of t he
Tribe pin Gordy Lowell of 1 h e
Beavers. Lowell had scored a
takedown in the first period and
led all the way until Pratt caught
him with a guillotine in Ihe sec
ond period.
