# Volleyball Tills Start Next Week
## 
### 
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
Intramural volleyball will not be
gin until next week, probably Mon
day or Tuesday, beeause of the diffi
culty of obtaining courts upon which
to hold the games, according to
Harry Wolters, director of intra
mural sports.
Twelve teams are signed up for
games which will be conducted in
round-robin style. Equipment is
provided by the University.
