# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
It was a very noticeable and de
plorable fact that the Stanford
rooting section on last Saturday
was almost wholly unorganized.
This condition of affairs, however,
cannot be laid at the door of the
Cardinal yell leaders, nor was it
due to any lack of enthusiasm or
college spirit among the rooters.
Although the Stanford contingent
arrived in Berkeley in ample time
for the game, California's manager
neglected to reserve the customary
section in the bleachers for them,
and a3 a result the Band was sepa
rated from the rooters and the lat
ter were split up into small groups
by intervening bunches of Califor
nia sympathizers. Many of the
Stanford men were forced to sit on
the ground in order to be near the
yell leaders. It is to be hoped
that in future intercollegiate con
tests sufficient accommodations
will be afforded for the rooters of
both colleges.
