# Good Art Work.
## 
### 
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
Kako Morita, a graduate of the
Imperial University of Tokio in the
class of 1900, who has been in the
employ of the University and the
United States Fish Commission for
the past year, has been busy for a
month drawing colored pictures of

the specimens of fishes gathered by
President Jordan and his party on
their trip to Samoa the past sum
mer. These pictures are to go in a
publication to be gotten out by the
United States Fish Commission,
devoted entirely to the fishes of
Samoa. The book will make its
appearance in about a year. The
work of Morita is excellent. The
pictures are colored in life-like
representations of the specimens
and are highly artistic. Morita is
carrying on his drawing in Dr.
Jordan's office.
