# FRESHMEN INVITED TO ATTEND Y.M.C.A. DINNER
## 
### 
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
All freshmen are invited to a fresh
man "Y" dinner to be held in dining
room three of Encina Commons next
Wednesday evening, according to Wil
liam Freeman, temporary chairman of
the first-year men's Y.M.C.A. council.
A special program of music is being
arranged along with several other
special numbers.
All freshmen interested in attend
ing are asked to sign up on bulletin
hoards of their respective dining
rooms. No extra charge will be made
for the dinner.
