# THE 						TROJAN HORSE SONG
## 
### 
Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

Copies of the new
"Trojan Horse" song
will go on sale at
the Stanford Book
store this morning
at a nickel apiece.
They will be pocket
size and printed on
heavy durable paper.
Written to the tune
of "On the Mall,"
made familiar to
Stanford students by
the Stanford band
during the last two
years, the new pub
lication is expected
to fill the long-felt,
need for a good sons
fitted for the U.S.C.
game.
Music for the song,
originally composed
by E. F. Goldman,
New York band
leader, was arranged
by E. R. Flint, '01,
composer of the
"Stanford Forever"
march introduced by
the band last year.
The words are the
work of J. M. Willits,
'25. The new song
will be first tried at
the U.S.C. rally and
will be used at the
game at Los Angeles.

