# KENNETH DOYLE HAS NARROW ESCAPE IN HIGHWAY ACCIDENT
## 
### 
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
After twice escaping death in a
double accident Friday night. Kenneth
Doyle, a sophomore in the University,
is in the Palo Alto hospital today suf
fering from injuries which will prob
ably keep him there for two weeks.
Doyle was walking along the highway
near University avenue at about 10
o'clock Friday night when he was
struck by a passing motorist and
thrown onto the tracks of the Penin
sular Railway.
Prevented by his injuries from mov
ing, he lay helpless in the course of
an oncoming electric car. Claude Hal
liday, a negro living nearby, was at
tracted by Doyle's cries and the
screech of the motorist's brakes, and,
running to the scene, reached the vic
tim only in time to drag him from
the path of the speeding car.
According to testimony of Palo Alto
police, who investigated the accident,
Halliday's coming was all that saved
the victim from being crushed beneath
the wheels of the street car. No clue
pointing to the identification of the
hit-run driver who struck Doyle could
be picked up by the authorities.
Doyle's injuries include a fractured
rib, a dislocated shoulder, severe cuts
and bruises, and internal injuries.
