# MENTAL TELEPATHISTS NEEDED FOR RESEARCH
## 
### 
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
Ten or twelve participants are de
sired immediately by the Psychology
department in order that thought
transference experiments may be car
ried on this week.
Students who engage in mental tele
pathy research this quarter may re
ceive credit for this work by taking
Psychology 180 winter quarter. The
Department of Psychology is providing
the opportunity and supervision for
this proposed research. Anyone inter
ested in this work may arrange for a
preliminary conference by telephoning
Local 101, Ring One, or by calling at
Office 416 a in the Psychology depart
ment.
