# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
Carl Wheaton, '11, has accepted a
professorship of law at the St. Louis
University.
