# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
Sponsors Meeting
Monday at Roble
All women who are inter
ested in sponsoring’ next year
and who will In? .overseas
during spring quarter are
asked to attend a meeting
Thursday at 7 p.m. in Roble.
Applications will he avail
able at that meeting and
thereafter at the ASSU of
fice. Completed applications
are due March 5 at 5 p.m.
Dates for Interviews for art
other women Interested in
sponsoring will he announced
later.
