# Cinch Notices Board Topic
## 
### 
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
Mid-quarter deficiency reports
were discussed at a recent meet
ing of the Registrar’s Advisory
Committee, headed by Prof. Clif
ford Weigle. The committee dis
cussed the lack of uniform prac
tice for reporting mid-quarter de
ficiencies.
Members of the Committee felt
that it was especially important
in freshman courses to give stu
dents some evaluation of them
selves. This evaluation was not
being given consistently, accord
ing to the Committee.
SOME INSTRUCTORS were
turning in mid-quarter deficien
cies, and some were not. When
notices wore not sent out. stu
dents wore falsely accepting the
absence of notices as a proof of
satisfactory work.
To ease the situation, the Com
mittee recommended that faculty
members use mid-term deficiency
notices in most freshman courses,
and that they notify the students
if deficiency reports are not to
be used. In other courses, the
student, according to the Com
mittee, should assume that mid
quarter deficiencies will not be
reported.
THE COMMITTEE’S recom
mendation was based on the idea
that it is important to advise
freshman students as to how they
stand in reference to Stanford
competition, and that advisers
and residence hall staffs should
also be informed, so that coun
seling can be initiated.
It was felt that this same need
did not exist after the freshman
year.
