# Rates Offered Vacation Skiers
## 
### 
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
The Sierra Club of California
is offering reduced rates for ski
ing accommodations at their co
operative ski lodge on Donner
Summit to Stanford students and
faculty during spring vacation.
The rate for' five days. March
25-30, is $25.
Accommodations will be in dor
mitories. Skiers are furnished
with three meals a day, but
should bring sleeping bags or
blankets.
The club's 1200-foot rope tow
costs $1 a day. The ski school,
with two instructors will also
have reduced rates.
Nearby Soda Springs will offer
special chair and J-bar rates, if
the lodge can guarantee a group
of at least twenty.
For further information and
reservations, contact Jeanne Hun
nicutt, Guthrie House.
