# European Films Shown Today
## 
### 
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
The Stanford Overseas Infor
mation Service will present films
of European travel this afternoon
at 4:15 in Room 320. The west
coast travel director of Educa
tional Travel Inc., Jim Glendin
tiing, will show the films and ex
plain the aims of the ETI. which
is the travel department of the
United States National Student
Association.
Interested faculty members and
students are invited to attend.
