# Spring Quarter Pre-Reg Will Begin Next Week
## 
### 
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
Students will consult their ad
viser's for programming on Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday,
Feb. 28-March 2. Advisers’ special
office hours should be posted out
side their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come for as
sistance on one of these three
days will forfeit the privilege of
preregistration.
