# Bavarians Defy U.S. Government
## 
### 
MUNICH. Gemany. Fob. 19 (TJP)
â€”The Bavaria state legislature de
fied the U. S. military government
today and claimed it doesn't have to
take orders from Gen. Lucius D.
Clay. j
The legislature refused to elect a
substitute for Dr. Johannes Sender,
who was named yesterday to the
Frankfurt Bizonal Econmics Council
but was rejected by Minister-Presi
dent Plans Ehard, who said Semler
was not acceptable to Clay.
During today's session, legislature
members said they would "discuss
arguments with the military govern
ment," but they claimed Clay could
not to give them orders under the
Bavarian constitution, which "was
wanted and accepted by the military
government."
