# Students Will Air Political Opinions
## 
### 
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
Five Stanford students will pre
sent their views on the 1948 Presi
dential campaign over San Jose Ra
dio Station KEEN at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Gerald J. Origla will support
Thomas Dewey; Alfred Munk will
speak for Harold Stassen; Allen
Bletz will back President Truman;
James R. Green will speak for Sen
ator Robert Taft; and Marion Jones
will support Henry Wallace. The
program is the second of a "Stan
ford Speaks" series which airs stu
dent reactions to contemporary
problems.
