# Foreign Students Hold Panel on UN
## 
### 
Student representatives of sev
en foreign nations came together
in Cubberley Hall last night to
participate in the I IK-sponsored
panel discussion titled "Foreign
Students Look at the United Na
tions."
This panel was one of the many
activities planned for this week
by the lIR in its program devoted
to a discussion of "The UN and
You."
Erskine Childers, student rep
resentative from Ireland and lIR
vice-president, moderated the dis
cussion. Members on the panel
represented England, Farnce,
Turkey, India, Czechoslovakia,
Ireland, and the U.S.
Six questions, submitted by
students, were discussed during
the course of the evening. High
lighting the discussion were the
comments made on the Palestine
question, and the problem of na
tionalism and the giving up of
sovereignty to conform with the
will of the UN.
