# CONFERENCE
## Women Discuss Dorm Problems 
### 
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
Co-ordination and integration of
girls in women's residences was
presented as an important problem
facing living group presidents by
Mary Ellen Harding, Alison Dice,
and Alice Wanke at Women's Con-
ference meeting yesterday.
Miss Harding, ex-president of La-
gunita, described Lagunita's new
plan of emphasizing smaller groups
rather than the whole dorm or even
individual casas, as a means of
bringing the girls together.
Retiring president of Union Unit,
Miss Dice told how the Unit is
backing inter-area and intra-area
activity.
