# Wranglers to Work for War Emergency
## 
### 
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
The great, opportunity presented to
the women of the campus to do their
part in the war work was brought
out very forcibly by Margaret Shedd,
'20, in a talk before the Wranglers
last night.
Five branches of war work will be
offered, and every woman should con
sider it her personal duty to sign up
for at least one of these branches.
The Wranglers pledged their loyal
support to the War Emergency com
mittee.
