# Untitled Article
## 
### 
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
|
There are many Stanford men in
Europe now who would appreciate j
The Daily Palo Alto. Business
Director Martin has made arrange
ments whereby any holder of a
Student Body card can transfer bis
subscription to "somewhere in
France" on the payment of fifty
cents a quarter.
Subscriptions may be transferred
to any place in the United States
by the payment of twenty-live cents
additional to cover postage.
Any student who is willing can
have his subscription transferred
to a high school. The Daily Palo
Alto paying the additional postage
expense. We have received many
inquiries from high schools and
are unable to grant all the re
quests unless students will volun
teer their subscriptions.
