# Stanford Leads in Liberty Campaign
## 
### 
To Stanford will belong the distinc
tion of being the first university of
the country to institute an organized
campaign for subscriptions to the
Second Liberty Loan, according to
plans of Student Body President I. C.
Heron, '18, who is acting on the sug
gestion of Mr. Burrell G. White of the
Liberty Loan Committee in San Fran
cisco. Mr. White was on the campus
recently and suggested that Stanford
take the initiative in this campaign
among universities of the country.
It will also be the privilege of Stan
ford to communicate this action to all
other universities of the country, and
it is hoped that a widespread Liberty
Loan movement will the result.
To cooperate with Mr. White in or
ganizing this movement, Heron has
appointed W. H. Haines, 'IS, to act as
