# Taxi Driver Backs Car Over Quad Embankment
## 
### 
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
Clarence Collins, a Fortune taxi
driver, gave the campus something a
little unusual to talk about for the
next few days when he most unin
tentionally backed his Ford over the
wall at the Geology corner this morn
ing, at about 8 o'clock.
Luckily for Collins he was in one
of the limousine type of cars so that
he received only minor injuries and
bruises, and will soon be entirely re
covered. As to the exact nature of
the accident accounts differ more or
less, but those who have viewed the
remains agree for the most part that
Collins went over while in the act of
turning his car around, not realizing
the steep slope of the crown road.
The car lit squarely on the rear end
and then fell over on its back, more
damage being done to the top and the
radiator.
