# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
Expense Lists Due
Expense ai'ctmnls for can
didates are due today. They
must be placed in the nomi
nation box by 5 p.ni.
