# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*,
tr \
With the kind of beat
ing college men give
shoes, long wear is an
important factor. And,
being somewhat
pridefut, so is appear
ance. R A meets this
dual challenge with a
fine selection of
cordovan shoes; not
only very handsome,
but easily the most
durable of footwear.
Take your choice of
styles, at 22.00, 30.00,
or even 40.00. Sounds
expensive, but believe
us, they’re worth every
dime of it, and more.
■
I
■
I
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
