# Oklahoma Seniors Carry Canes.
## 
### 
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
Seniors at the University of Okla
homa now distinguish themselves from
ordinary students of the college by
wearing black bow ties and carrying
light canes, even in classrooms.
