# Many Ministers at K. U.
## 
### 
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
Thirty-six students at the Universi
ty of Kansas are actively serving as
ministers.
