# VESPER SERVICE TODAY
## 
### 
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
I Rev. Lloyd Douglas, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Los
Angeles, will speak this afternoon at
the vesper service which will be held
in the Memorial Church after the
regular organ recital at 4:45 o'clock.
