# FLOOD IN EUROPE
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
LONDON, Feb. 20. (/P) —Renewal of
bitter cold in Central Europe today
postponed thaws which were rapidly
developing a most dangerous flood
situation. The Danube and its tribu
taries were over their banks and had
caused widespread damage and suf
fering.
