# DINKIES DON DARING DEBUTANT DRESSES TO DAZZLE CAMPUS
## 
### 
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
In anticipation of the approach
of summer the seats of the
Toonerville have been newly
varnished. Not only that, hut
the entire car, or rather the en
tire cars —both of ttyem—have
been repainted that flaming Stan
ford red without which the
Toonerville would merely be a
street car. Not only that: the
general effect is further embel
lished by touches of yellow ap
plied at appropriate intervals.
And underneath, certain vital
parts of the mechanism are
painted a shiny black.
It's really quite the ultimate in
decorative motifs for trolley
cars, but somehow it seems
rather incongruous, like an old
lady who takes to rouge, lip
sticks, and mascara, instead of
growing old gracefully.
