# BELL TELEPHONE CO. OFFICIALS WILL TALK HERE MONDAY NIGHT
## "Opportunities for College Men in Bell System" Is Address Topic 
### 
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
Roy J. Heffner, Assistant Education
Director of the Bell Telephone Labora
tories of New York, and E. M. Calder
wood of the Chief Engineer's staff of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company in San Francisco, will
speak on "The Opportunities for Col
lege Men in the Hell System" Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in ltoom 550,
This meeting is open to all students
Department of Mining and Metallurgy,
who are interested in the telephone
fiystena.
To Give Interviews
During Monday evening R. E. Mc-
Ciinton, representative of the com
pany's general plant employment of
fice, will be on the campus at the
Appointment Office to interview pro
spective employees.
Representatives of the Bell System
will be in Room 532 from 9 to 12
o'clock in the morning and from 1 to
f> o'clock in the afternoon on February
2G, 27, and 28 to talk to students who
may bo interested in employment in
any branch of its activities. Roy J.
Heffner will interview men who are
particularly interested in the Bell
laboratories.
Selecting Men
The telephone industry is selecting
men for both summer and permanent
employment. Since its activities cover
a wide range of occupations students
in the School of Engineering, School
of Business, Department of Economics
and Political Science have been found
to be particularly well-suited to its
requirements, according to company
officials.
Application blanks for appointments
with company representatives may be
secured at the offices of the Engineer
ing and Business Schools, and the
Department of Economics.
