# KZSU To Air 'Project' Tape
## 
### 
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
The first in a series of pro
grams on the civil rights move
ment produced by a group of
Stanford students who spent
last summer in the South will
be aired on KZSU at 8 p.m. this
evening.
Tonight's show, a comparison
of a rural civil rights project
run by the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party and an urban
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference project in Macon,
Ga., is one of a series of 12
which KZSU hopes to distribute
nationally. Three more of the
programs will be aired tomor
row, Wednesday, and Thursday
at 8 p.m.
The undertaking, known as
Project South, involved eight
students spending three months
in six Southern states recording
over 330 hours of civil rights
activity, including 211 inter
views with student volunteers,
civil rights leaders, and local
Negroes.
