# Spectators
## 
### 
Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


Stanford police and countless news
photographers were among those ex
pecting the unexpected.


