# Pop Warner To Speak At Football Rally Thursday
## 
### 
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
Pop Warner will be the principal
speaker at the football rally Thursday
night in the Pavilion. The Stanford
football team which will be on the
platform will go into seclusion until
(he game immediately following the
rally.
Scott Webster, who Is in charge,
has announced that a parade to pre
cede the rally will form in front of
the Old Union at fi:4s o'clock. The
parade, led by the Stanford Band and
the Rally Committee, will go up the
Row and then past the halls to the
Pavilion.
