# Attorney Seeks Injunction Against Coolidge, AI Smith
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. (/P) —Donald E.
Malkes, Chicago attorney, said today
lie would seek an injunction writ in
New York to restrain former Presi
dent Calvin Coolidge, Julius Rosen
wald and former Governor Alfred E.
Smith for spending the $8,T)00,000
charity bequest of the late Conrad
Hubert, multimillionaire manufac
turer.
