# Stanford Mothers' Club Work Shown By Officers
## 
### 
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
The Stanford Mothers' Club is the
first college branch of tlie Parents
and Teachers Association to be or
ganized, officers of the club have an
nounced.
Sixteen scholarships have been
given by the club since its formation
five years ago. Work of the organiza
tion has also included the sponsoring
of two rest or convalescent homes,
providing work and clothing for needy
students, and strengthening the feel
ing between the University parents
and students.
