# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
One Way to
n A it
cm A
in Economics
While (hi&J&aotr&-earoespon
dence can rue, and while
"riches" are not guaranteed
after one lesson, here is an
"easy "way to save money In
yoor spare thnef Requisites
are—a J. C. Penney Store
nearby and a small allow
ance! AH enrolled students
receive gene rocs savings with
every purchase*
J. C. PENNEY CQ
