# Buck To Explain Travel in England
## 
### 
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
Besides a general sketch of the
worthwhile parts of England that an
American tourist should see, Dr.
Philip Buck of the political science
department will explain some of the
mechanics of travel in that country
in his lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 tonight.
He will explain the English system
of money, trains, the ways bf their
stations, the best things to do in
various situations, and something of
the conventions concerning tipping.
Having received his degree at Ox
ford in 1926 as a Rhodes scholar
from Idaho, Dr. Buck is particularly
able to discuss England.
His lecture is the fourth in a se
ries being given for the benefit of
students planning to travel in Eu
rope this summer, and has been
preceded by talks on France, Italy,
and Europe in general.
