# Alarm Annoys Fire Squadron
## 
### 
A fire siren broke the campus
peace last night at 7:30 as five
cars raced from the campus
station to the call-box between
Sequoia and the Quad, only to
return unscorched. It was a
false alarm. And according to
Chief Dugan, it was the third
in a series of alarms, each of
which has cost the department
$20. "Someone must have the
key," he said, "the glass was
n't broken."
Although the first squad was
there in 45 seconds, there were
no traces of the offender. To
make sure there was no blaze,
firemen checked the automatic
alarm in the Physics building.
While the trucks chased a
non-existent fire, the fire-horn
sounded loudly and steadily,
contrary to its customary short
blasts.
