# F.D.R. Appoints Helium Committee
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 19 (UP). â€”
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper revealed today that President
Roosevelt has appointed a cabinet
committee to consider the question
of releasing helium to foreign coun
tries for commercial airship use.
Dr. Hugo Eckenor said today that
he will visit President Roosevelt in
Washington after the present in
quiry into the Hindcnburg disaster
is concluded.
Commenting on the President's
appointment, Eckener said, "I can
only say I am very happy over the
noble step of the President."
Despite the fact that helium's
lifting power is less than that of
hydrogen, Dr. Eckener said there
would be no increase in freight or
passenger rates on the LZ-130,
which now is under construction in
Germany.
