# Housing Group Reports Today
## Social Program Disclosed Today 
### 
A Housing Committee report con
taining the proposed social program
for freshmen will be given at to
day's meeting of Women's Confer
ence at 3 p.m. in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse, accord
ing (o Beaty O'Hair, vice-chair
man.
The committee report will stress
informal unplanned entertainment
between upjusrclass houses and
corridors of freshmen and trans
fers this quarter before the plan
ned program begins winter quar
ter.
Vocom members will also give a
report on their progress in reor
ganizing the committee this year.
The Conference constitution in
relation to the Nominating Com
mittee will he discussed, and a
proposal for a Women's Confer
ence Scholarship cup to be given
to the women's living group with
the highest scholastic standing
each quarter will he made. The
name of the house would be en
graved on the cup. and the house
would he allowed to keep the cup
for one quarter.
