# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
MEDICO-DENTAL
ALWAYS OPEN
.
(Tinder Postoffice)
I
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
j
I
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
i
