# SPEEDERS FINED $38 BY MEN'S COUNCIL
## 
### 
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
At a meeting of Men's Council
yesterday, offenders paid fines lo
ta ling .fi::.
Two of the three parking viola
tors were given extra flues of $1
because of the faliure of the of
fenders to display registration
cards in their machines. The fines
for the parking transgressions
were $5, while seven speeders paid
a total of $">S for fines.
