# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
Through an error in yesterday's
Daily, William Werder was omitted
in the list of recently elected mem
bers to the Geological and Mining
Society.
