# WORDENS HAVE SON
## 
### 
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
Richard VVorden, end on the 192J
Stanford varsity football team, and
his wife have announced the birth
of u Hon, Peter Carl, last Wednes
day in the San Jose Hospital.
