# MEN WHO STARRED AT DRAKE RELAYS
## 
### 

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.

Tom Warne, who holds the N.C.A.A. pole vault championship with
Ward Edmonds of Stanford, won the Drake Relays title on April 26,
clearing 13 feet 9 inches. Bracey and Leland, crack Texas runners,
battled in the sprints.
