# ELLSWORTH PRAISES COLERIDGE IN TALK ON "LAKE POETS"
## 
### 
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
"Coleridge! had a far better imag
ination than had Wordsworth. He
dealt in pictures rather than in
words," said William W. lOllsworth
in his lecture on "The Lake Poets"
last nielli in the Assembly Hall.
lOllsworth's talk, accompanied by
colored slides, was of the literary
travelogue type. Ho spoke of
Word; worth and his companionship
with his sister Dorothy. The lec
ture also touched on Wordsworth's
•■roup of intimates, including Cole
ridge, Lamb, Soul hey, DoQiiincey,
Scott, and Hums.
