# INCREASE SLIGHT
## 
### 
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April 29 (/P). |
—Increase in the population of the
Wyoming state penitentiary iu ten j
years was only 23, census returns an-1
nounced today showed. In 1020 there,
were 335 prisoners. This year the in
mates number 358.
I
