# PRESENT CRAIG RESOLUTION
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
SACRAMENTO. May 22 (/P).—,A
resolution of the Los Angeles Bar
Association calling upon Justice
Gavin W. Craig, of the second dis
trict court of appeals, to resign be
cause of his conviction in federal
court on charges of obstructing, jus
tice, was presented to the Assembly
today.
