# DAILY BUSINESS STAFF SELECIED
## Brown, Ward, Moore Are Ad Managers 
### 
Daily business appointments for
next year were announced last night
by Business Manager John Slusser.
Gerald Brown and Bill Ward were
named as Palo Alto advertising man
agers. The increased advertising
business from Palo Alto necessitated
the appointment of two men for this
district. Bill Moore, contestant for
business manager, was reappointed
San Francisco advertising manager.
Dorothy Vernier will be national
advertising manager. Ruth Black
welder was appointed office man
ager, and Beth Moulthrop was named
as classified advertising manager.
Next quarter an assistant office
manager may be appointed to fill out
the staff.
