# IN Club Shows Muir Park Movies
## 
### 
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
Color motion pictures on the pro
posed John Muir National Park will
be presented Thursday night, No
vember 16, at 7:.'50 by the Stanford
Natural History Club.
Dick Leonard, world - famous
mountaineer, will accompany the
pictures with an explanation of the
project which is to convert the coun
try of the South Fork of the San
Joaquin River and the Kings River
into a new national park, John Poin
dexter. president of the club, an
nounced today.
