# HE STOOPS TO CONQUER
## 
### 

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.

ENRAPT IN' TYING his shoe laee. Andy Stoikovieh, varsity end. will
no doubt also be en rapt in stopping Lansdell, Schindler & Co. from
sweeping around his side of the line when he and the Indian eleven
meet up with the Trojans in Los Angeles tomorrow afternoon.
