# Students, Faculty Will See Dunces
## 
### 
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
Ten faculty members and more
than twenty Stanford students will
attend the program of pioneer
dances at the University of Califor
nia Monday evening at 8 o'clock, ac
cording to Margaret Jewell, Stan
ford's dance instructor. The Chey
enne Mountain Dancers, under the
direction of Dr. Lloyd Shaw, super
intendent of the Cheyenne Mountain
School, are presenting the program,
