# Alumni Smoker.
## 
### 
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
The Alumni Association in San
Francisco will give a smoker at the
Cafe Odeon, 10 O'Farrell street, at
8:30 p.m., on Friday evening, Oct.
17th. All alumni of the University
and all ex-Stanford men are cor
dially invited to be present, wheth
er their names are on the club reg
ister or not. A limited number of
invitations have been sent to un
dergraduates and faculty members.
It is hoped that as many as can do
so will accept, as the alumni are
desirous by such means of promot
ing a cordial acquaintance and
good-fellowship between undergrad
uates, faculty, and alumni. An as
sessment of fifty cents will be col
lected to defray the expense of the
smoker.
The last occasion of this kind
was thoroughly enjoyed by about
seventy-five men, and its projectors
are anxious that the present reun
ion shall l>e equally successful.
