# Furniture for Engineering Building.
## 
### 
A carload of furniture for the
Mechanical, Civil, and Electrical
Engineering lecture-room building
has arrived at Palo Alto, and is
being rapidly placed in the differ
ent rooms. The furniture consists
of about a hundred individual
work-tables, numerous large tables
for the separate rooms, a number
of bookcases, and several cabinets
of drawers equipped with locks.
These cabinets will be used as de
positories for the engineering in
struments. Plain Oregon pine has
been used throughout, but the fur
nishings will receive a coat of var
nish before being put to use. The
blackboards in the lecture-rooms
have been placed, and only the ad
dition of desk-chairs is necessary
to put the building in condition
for classes. It, has been stated of
ficially that no definite arrange
ments have been made as to the
time when the building will be
turned over to the Engineering
departments for occupation. The
building was completed in the
summer of 1903 and is one of the
largest on the outer quadrangle,
being three stories high and con
taining some twenty-five large lec
ture-rooms.
