# SPAIN SUBJECT OF TALK BY HULME TO EUPHRONIA TONIGHT
## 
### 
Professor Edward Maslin Hulme of
the Department of History will speak
on "Spain and the Spaniards" tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse.
This is the first of a short series of
talks and open meetings being spon
sored by the Euphronia Debating So
ciety.
Professor Hulme, author of "Renais
sance and Reformation" and of "A His
tory of the British People," spent two
years of study in Europe during the
years 1919-20. He distributed his time
between England, France, Italy, and
Spain, and spent over two months in
the latter. In Spain Professor Hulme
visited Madrid, Barcelona, Salamanca,
and Saragossa, and various other im
portant towns. In all these places he
stayed at student boarding houses in
order to come in contact with student
life and ideals.
Since the talk will be of informal
nature, there will be an opportunity
for questions. The meeting is open to
all interested.
