# Encina Golf Squad Will Choose Team Tonight
## 
### 
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
Final arrangements for the Califor
nia freshman golf match will be made
at the Encina Golf Club meeting which
will be held at G:45 tonight in the En
cina Reading Room. The preliminary
scores of the members of the squad
will be turned in. All members of the
freshman golf squad should be present
since A. R. lioscoe, president of the
Encina Golf Club, will pick the team.
