# President Wilbur Will Address Education Club
## 
### 
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
President Wilbur will address the
Education Club at its meeting Monday,
February 2, on a topic which he has
not yet anonunced.
At the last meeting of the club Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment spoke of his experiences
while in Europe, in connection with
the Hoover War Library. In his talk
he touched on a few of the hidden
aspects of contemporary history.
