# Crisis Center' Head to Conclude IIR Institute
## 
### 
Theodore C. Achilles will be a
featured speaker at the closing
session of the fifth annual For
eign Policy Institute to be held
Jan. 30 and 31, Feb. 1 and 2.

The State Department recently
announced that Achilles, now di
rector of the “Crisis Center,”
which is a coordinating depart
ment for the different areas of
Foreign Policy, will soon move to
a job in the office of George C.
McGhee, Under Secretary of State
for Political Affairs.

ACHILLES, who graduated
from Stanford in 1925 and later
attended Yale, began work with
the Foreign Service in 1931. In
1950, he was director of the
Planning Staff, Bureau of Euro
pean Affairs; in 1954, Ambassa
dor Extraordinary and Plenipo
tentiary to Peru. Achilles speaks,
in addition to English. French
and Spanish.
To begin the Institute this year,
Secretary of State Christian A.
Herter will deliver the Keynote
Address at 8 p.m. on Jan. 30 in
Mem Aud. His speech, “Peaceful
Coexistence,” is also the theme
of the entire program.
AT 9 THAT evening, a meeting
of all seminars will be held. The
ten seminars will be led by quali
fied Stanford students, and will
discuss, in addition to the lec
tures, various problems in terms
of the theme, “Peaceful Coexist

ence.” Among the problems are
“Marxist-Leninist Ideology,” “So
viet Bloc Relations,” “The Revo
lution of Rising Expectations,”
"Tactical Alterantives to War,”
and “The United Nations.”
The following day, Jan. 31, a
question and answer period with
Herler for seminar participants
will bo held at 2 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
That evening at 8 in Mem Aud,
Wolfgang Panofsky, who headed
U.S. scientific negotiating team
at the 1959 test ban talks and
who now directs Stanford’s High
Energy Physics Laboratory, and
Arthur Dean, U.S. disarmament
negotiator at the recent Geneva
talks, will discuss disarmament
and peaceful coexistence. All sem
inars meet at 9.

ON FEB. 1, at 7:30 p.m. in
Physics 100, Dr. John Hazard, Co
lumbia University professor and
Rusian law expert will discuss
National Security. Seminar parti
cipants only attend this lecture.
All seminars meet at 9.

The final day of the institute,
Feb. 2, seminar chairmen will
present reports at 7 p.m. in Room
214. At 8 that evening in Mem
Aud, the speaker will bo Theo
dore Achilles.
Concluding the Foreign Policy
Institute this year, a Junior Class
reception will be held In Bowman
Alumni House at 9 p.m.


THEODORE C. ACHILLES
Foreign Policy Analyst
