# Minto Will Give Sunday Sermon
## 
### 
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, chaplain of
the University, will deliver the ser
mon at the 11 a.m. worship service
at Memorial Church on Sunday. His
topic will be "The Witness of the
Church." The Memorial Church
Choir, under the direction of Pro
fessor Harold C. Schmidt, will pro
vide the anthems for the service.
Professor Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, will be at the
organ. Immediately following the
service, a coffee hour sponsored by
the YWCA will be held at Bowman
Alumni House.
