# McCarthy Hints He'll Compromise
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (UP) —
Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy liintcd to
day he is willing to compromise on
the controversial operating methods
of his permanent investigating sub
committee.
The Wisconsin Republican told
reporters he is ' not tied down to
any formula" that rules out changes
in the subcommittee's operations.
This was the issue that led the
three Democratic members of the
subcommittee to stage a boycott of
the group last year.
"The majority," said McCarthy,
"should always do anything within
reason the minority wants."
Meanwhile, Sen. Carl Hayden (D.,
Ariz.), an influential member of
the Senate Rules Committee, an
nounced he will insist on strict en
forcement of a rule that could force
an early showdown on the broad
powers wielded by McCarthy and
other Congressional investigators.
