# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
Caps
250 00
BBS"- * ' <gr * "^SX3
Crofut & Knapp makes
these nobby caps—thor
oughbreds for style.
Subdued shades. Inde
structible visor. .
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
