# HIGH JUMP CHAMPION ENTERS COLORADO SCHOOL OF MINES
## 
### 
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
L. T. Brown, '23, captain of the Dart
mouth track team for two years and
holder of the world's indoor high jump
record, has entered the Colorado
School of Mines for a graduate course
in engineering. He will be eligible to
compete in the Rocky Mountain con
ference meets.
