# Y.M.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
The weekly meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will he
held at 4:80 Tuesday in room 23.
The subject of the meeting will he
"Service." C. S. Osgood, '06, will
lead the meeting.
