# APA Honors Three
## 
### 
Three Psychology Department
faculty members have been named
to high-ranking positions in the
American Psychological
Association (APA).

Department Chairman Richard
C. Atkinson, nationally known
researcher in computer-aided
teaching, was elected President of
the Division of Experimental
Psychology.
A graduate of the University of
Chicago and the holder of a
doctorate from the University of
Indiana, Atkinson was on the
faculty at UCLA before coming
here in 1961.
Alberta E. Siegel, Psychology
Professor in Psychiatry, was
chosen as President of the APA's
Division of Developmental
Psychology.
Siegel received her bachelor's,
master's and Ph.D. degrees here.
She has been a member of the
faculty since 1963 and served as
Associate Dean of Undergraduate
Studies in 1971.
Psychology Professor Roger N.
Shepard was named President of
the American Psychometric
Society, an affiliate of the APA.
