# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
In yesterday's Daily a story on a
Monday Palo Alto City Council
meeting erroneously stated that
John and Jean Dolly and Jean
Hobson, who spoke at the council
meeting on the "Scott Street"
housing question, do not live in
the affected area. The three are in
fact residents of the Scott St.
neighborhood. The story also
misidentified Jean Dolly as Joan
Dolly. The Daily regrets the
errors.
