# Adv. 41 Page 10
## 
### 
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
•
At such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
vour help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
tion x-ray :f the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you're over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you're
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer consult
your doctor In addition,
of course, continue your
regular self examina
tions
V- African Cancer Society
