# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
ffitmgg
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB & CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling fire.
LUNCH, DINNER or
good stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens. English
fashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am toll pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
