# ASSU Candidates
## 
### 
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
Fee assessment
groups who wish to
discuss their platform
with the Daily editorial
board may arrange an
interview. Note that an
interview is not
necessary to receive a
Daily endorsement.
Interested groups may
sign up in the Daily
offices until 5 p.m.
today.
COP slates are
reminded that they
should speak to Tim
Whalen, Steve
Trousdale or Karen
Springen by tonight to
set up a date for their
interview.
