# Untitled Article
## 
### 
SPORTS/SECTION B
HUX HUX HIKE
Stanford football thrashes
San Jose State 37-0

intermission/sectiTTHR
WELCOME FROSH KF
Everything you need to know
about being a freshman

DINING GUIDE/SECTION D
BONAPPETIT ffcz
A comprehensive guide If Guid
to nearby eateries

Today

Mostly Sunny
78 54

Tomorrow

Sunny
74 55

ORIENTATION



SPORTS/SECTION B
HUX HUX HIKE
Stanford football thrashes
San Jose State 37-0

intermission/sectiTTHR
WELCOME FROSH KF
Everything you need to know
about being a freshman

DINING GUIDE/SECTION D
BONAPPETIT ffcz
A comprehensive guide If Guid
to nearby eateries

Today

Mostly Sunny
78 54

Tomorrow

Sunny
74 55

ORIENTATION



SPORTS/SECTION B
HUX HUX HIKE
Stanford football thrashes
San Jose State 37-0

intermission/sectiTTHR
WELCOME FROSH KF
Everything you need to know
about being a freshman

DINING GUIDE/SECTION D
BONAPPETIT ffcz
A comprehensive guide If Guid
to nearby eateries

Today

Mostly Sunny
78 54

Tomorrow

Sunny
74 55

ORIENTATION



SPORTS/SECTION B
HUX HUX HIKE
Stanford football thrashes
San Jose State 37-0

intermission/sectiTTHR
WELCOME FROSH KF
Everything you need to know
about being a freshman

DINING GUIDE/SECTION D
BONAPPETIT ffcz
A comprehensive guide If Guid
to nearby eateries

Today

Mostly Sunny
78 54

Tomorrow

Sunny
74 55

ORIENTATION



SPORTS/SECTION B
HUX HUX HIKE
Stanford football thrashes
San Jose State 37-0

intermission/sectiTTHR
WELCOME FROSH KF
Everything you need to know
about being a freshman

DINING GUIDE/SECTION D
BONAPPETIT ffcz
A comprehensive guide If Guid
to nearby eateries

Today

Mostly Sunny
78 54

Tomorrow

Sunny
74 55

ORIENTATION



