# May O'Donnell to Peach Dancing Spring Quarter
## 
### 
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
May O'Donnell, San Francisco
dance artist, hailed by some critics
as the most perfectly trained mod
ern dancer in America, will be
sponsored by Orchesis in a series of
six guest lessons during spring
quarter. Miss O'Donnell appeared
with her partner, Jose Liinon, in a
program at Memorial Hall last
summer.
Miss O'Donnell, nationally known
for her dance artistry, was formerly
an assistant to Martha Graham. Two
years ago she left the East coast and
returned to her native California to
organize the San Francisco Dance
Theater. Since that time Miss
O'Donnell has appeared in several
coastal citics dancing with Jose
Lirnon.
All women may enroll for Aliss
O'Donnell's two-hour Tuesday eve
ning lessons. Further information
regarding enrollment may be ob
tained from Miss Margaret Jewell at
the Women's Gym or Margaret El
liott, Union. »
