# SPLIT PERSONALITY?
## 
### 
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
George Athans, northern division
P.C.C. diving champion for the past
two years, is reported by both the
University of Washington and the
University of Southern California as
performing for their teams this
spring.

Clint Smith, left wing on (he third
forward line of the New York Ran
gers, began his professional hockey
career with the Vancouver Lions.
