# Draft Experts
## 
### 

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong

Answering the question of a draft-conscious student Ls Navy Captain Carroll
Brigham. The question period ended yesterday's discussion on the draft held
in Memorial Auditorium. From left are Moderator Robert Klein, National
Service Director Walter J. Findelsen, Army Colonel David Nanney, Brigham,
and Air Force Major Harry Matthews, participants In the Stu-Fac Board spon
sored discussion. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong
