# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
By
Katie Blackmore
Take notice that the ther
mometer is rising. The air
is sultry. Mint juleps are
being served. Summer is
actually here at Stanford.
To enjoy the balmy eve
nings and languorous days
to the utmost you need
cool, colorful clothes.
Go down to Mary Roy's
and look at her collection
of both dresses and acces
sories.
For instance:
Pure white shark
skin dress with
red trim $5.95
fascinating flow
er lei necklace. . 3.95
Smart steerhide
saddle leather
purses 3.50
Cay hand - made
leather belts ... 1.95
Blue denim slacks
tailored well ... 1.95
F.S. If you're San Fran
cisco bound, and you want
that "fall look" in your
wardrobe, take notice of
Mary Roy's new felt hats
in either navy blue or
black at $7.95.
Seen at
Mary Roy
436 University Ave.
