# PLEDGING
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Mora Ullchfeld. '31.
