# Lecture Tonight
## 
### 
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
Georgina Tennant of London will
present a lecture on 'Christian Sri
Price at the First Church of Chri i
Scientist in Mcnlo Park Ibis eve
ning. The speech, which begins at
8, is open to the public free of
charge.
