# Final Rounds Start Tonight In Moot Court
## 
### 
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
The final round of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
Competition will be held at 8:30 to
night. in the Law School's Moot
Court room.
Four third-year students will ar
gue a hypothetical labor question.
Myrl Scott and Jim Mitchcll will
represent the appellate position
while Dan Evans and Jim Davis will
be counsel for the respondent.
Judges arc the Hon. Roger 13.
Traynor, Associate Justice of the
California Supreme Court; the Hon.
Raymond E. Peters, Justice of the
California Appellate Court; and the
Hon. Oliver Carter, of the U.S. Dis
trict Court.
Over 70 students were entered in
this year's competition. All but the
four finalists have been eliminated
over a two - year period in three
elimination round.T.
A $100 first prize, a $50 second
prize, and two $25 third prizes, in
addition to sets of law books, will
be awarded to the winners.
