# Adv. 36 Page 7
## 
### 
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
xgr
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhjle
J JEWELIna
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
