# A.K.L. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Osman Hull, '39, to
Alpha Kappa Lambda.
