# D.K.E. PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of George Vaughn, '40,
and Lloyd McDonald, ''10, to Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
