# Adv. 40 Page 10
## 
### 
I LAB I
TECHNICIANS
Part-Time
ASSAY DEVELOPMENT
16-20 hrs/week. Will pre
pare formulations, collect
performance data, and per
form other special func
tions. Two years' college
level laboratory science re
quired. Must have quantita
tive skills in clinical/
analytical chemistry and
good communications
skills. Experience with im
munoassays desirable.
APPLICATIONS
20 hrs/week. Will assist in
the adaption of diagnostic
test kits to a variety of man
ual and automated instru
ment systems. Will perform
precision, accuracy and
cross-reactivity studies.
One year college level
laboratory science re
quired.
Syva is a leading medical
diagnotics firm. We wel
come your application by
mail or in person to: SYVA
COMPANY Employment
Office, 3300 Hillview Ave.,
Palo Alto, CA 94304. We
are an equal opportunity
employer m/f/h.
SYVA I
