# V.W.C.A. To Hold Important Meeting
## 
### 
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
Every active member of the Young
Women's Christian Association has
been asked to attend the business
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30,
in the Vestry room of the Memorial
Church. It is especially necessary
that all committee members should
come. Questions of this year's plans
and policy will be open for general
discussion.
