# Adv. 33 Page 9
## 
### 
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
m
Dear Bob: Only a
pseudo-frat boy
would demand
that he go
drinking at 12:30,
only 30 minutes
after turning
legal. Maybe you
shouldn't have
left so early. You
missed lots of
fun. Like the fun
we had making
up this ad. But
don't worry. Rush
is only a year a
way and we all
hope ....
Happy birthday,
Bob.
Correction
The KZSU organiza
tional meeting ad
vertised in Friday's
Daily was in error. The
meeting took place
April 4. However, any
interested students are
welcome to drop by
KZSU anytime.
