# Stalnaker Flies East For Navy Bureau Meet
## 
### 
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
John M. Stalnaker, dean of stu
dents, will leave tonight by plane
for Washington, D.C., to attend an
advisory committee meeting of the
Bureau of Naval Personnel May 1
and 2. He will be back at Stanford
May 4.
