# Amendment:
## 
### 
Constitutional
Amendment
O yes Â® NO

This year's constitutional
amendment does not provide for
a fair system of checks and
balances and gives the ASSU Sen
ate too much power. Under the
amendment, the senate could
decide to increase general fees by
up to 30 percent. But the ASSU
Constitution only guarantees stu
dents the right to curb an in
crease by 10 percent during the

annual elections.
Any way you read it, the
amendment grants the senate ab
solute power to raise the fee by
at least 20 percent. That's too
much.
While it is important that all
student groups receive adequate
funding as inflation continues to
rise, this constitutional amend
ment is not the way to do it.
Thirty percent means a lot of
leeway for senators who usually
serve for just one year. A more
reasonable amendment would
tighten down the number to 10
percent, equivalent to the
guaranteed power of students.
