# Executive Committee Reconsiders.
## 
### 
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
The Executive Com mil lee last
evening decided that il had made
a mistake in in its recent action
on the Intercollegiate Athletic
Agreement and accordingly with
drew its objections to the amend
ment. C. A. Cantwell of the inter
collegiate Athletic Committee ap
peared at the meeting and explained
that it had been the original in
tention that the Athletic Committee
should pass upon such amendments.
He also explained the purpose of
the amendment itself. This would
tend to aid the purification of ath
letics and would do much to en
courage and develop Stanford
athletes. It is discouraging for a
man to work hard and conscien
tiously for several years in athletics
and then to be displaced hy an
Eastern star. Moreover, it was
stated that if the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association Committee did
not make a regulation concerning
students from other colleges, the
faculty at Stanford would make
such a rule. If the Athletic Com
mittee takes no action in the mat
ter the amendment according to
agreement will go into effect in
thirty days.
