# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
CHINESE
INN 0-
fa
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
Featuring the very best
in Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Menu
Beer & Wine
LUNCH-DINNER
-FOOD TO GO
-1352 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
V /
