# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
Students in the department of jour
nalism in the University of Kansas
will take full charge of the "Daily
Kansan" for one week the latter part
of this term, giving the regular staff
a vacation.
