# Track Men Make Good Showing.
## 
### 
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
Track training is now on in ear
nest. The Freshmen are especially
hard at work. They will have an
opportunity of showing their met
tle in the inter-department field
day to he held next Saturday. The
contest with the Oakland High
School will come off Saturday,
March 23d, and the trip to Nevada
will he made during the Faster va
cation.
An inter-class field-day will lie
held on Junior Day, March 29th.
All events will be scratch, and
Varsity men will he allowed to
compete.

Trainer Murphy has a number
of men trying the hurdles. Nara
more is showing good form on the
high sticks, and has lost none of
his speed over the low ones. Dunn
and Preston give the best promise
of any of the new candidates, and,
though both are new at the game,
they have plenty of speed to make
good performers. Barkan, a
Freshman, is also trying for this
event. He has had some experi
ence in the Lowell High School,
and while his stride is a trifle
short now, lie shows promise of
much improvement.
