# Cross-Country Trophy Received.
## 
### 
The trophy won by the Stanford
Cross-country team in the Olympic
Club contest on February 2'2d was
brought down from San Francisco
Sunday by Mr. Hcuser, repre
sentative of the Olympic Club, and
turned over to Captain Stewart.
It is now on exhibition in the win
dow of the Registrar's office. The
trophy is a beautiful solid silver
cup about twelve inches high. On
the bowl is engraved "TheOlympic
Club Cross-country Race, Febru
ary 22d, 1901." A silver plate is
attached, with the names of the
men composing the team and the
time made by it. The cup will re
main on exhibition in the Regis
trar's office for a few days, after
which it will be placed with the
other trophies in Encina Hall.
