# Mum's the Word
## 
### 

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.

Associated Press
Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother greeted a crowd of well
wishers on her eighty-eighth birthday yesterday. Hundreds of
people gathered at dawn outside her London home, Clarence
House, with flowers and cards for the regal anniversary.
