# Unique Chappie
## 
### 
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
Chaparral, Stanford's unique
humor magazine, is in a unique
position. It needs some unique
writers, artists, photographers,
typists, and lay-out men who are
interested in having a unique
campus reputation.
The unique Old Boy will meet
newcomers any aftepioon from
to 5. The (irst gag-writing ses
sion will he held at 4 p.m. to
morrow.
The Old Boy is also in desper
ate need of a thesaurus, lie's
uniquely short of adverbs.
