# Stanford Life Amazes France
## 
### 
"Stanford University: Learning to
Live, Not Living to Learn." This is
tell title of a six-page pictorial fea
ture which appeared in the Septem
ber issue of Realites, a French mag
azine published in Paris in both
English and French.
Realites devoted this issue to
"America â€”As the French See It."
Lake Lag, the football lield, the
Cellar, hashers, a classroom of
students taking notes, and even
Heidelberg's were included in (he
pictorial review. The article ex
pressed surprise at the elaborate
recreational facilities and abun
dance of extra-curricular activi
ties which are almost unknown
in France.
The freedom allowed the students
amazed the authors. "American stu
dents are permitted to do Lhc un
heard-of: to ask questions, inter
rupt professors, and even contra
dict them."
