# TRANSFER CREDIT
## 
### 
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
Petition forms are available at the i
information desk, Room 11-A, for
returning students who wish an
evaluation of credit for work done i
in other schools.
