# Revival Series Films Canceled
## 
### 
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
The Stanford Film Society will not
conduct a series of revival film
showings this fall because of the
large number of other events on the
campus calendar, it was announced
today by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
The Society plans to resume Ihe
program of history-making films
during the winter academic quarter.
The Tuesday Evening Series of
free public lectures will begin next
Tuesday, October 6. Bruce Blivcn,
editor and writer, will be the speak
er.
