# Frosh Sing at Roble
## 
### 

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker

"O.K. GANG, HIT IT!"—And that's just what some 7liu heshmen did Friday night at the songfest
held on Roble's front lawn. Leading the group in Stanford songs and yells are Head Yell Leader
Howie Rubin and his assistants. —Daily photo by Jay Becker
