# Delta Epsilon Will Hold Business Meeting Monday
## 
### 
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
Delta Epsilon, honorary art frater
nity, will hold a regular business meet
ing Monday at 4:15 o'clock in the Art
department. Election of new members
will be held, and plans discussed for
the annual art exhibit which the so
ciety has each spring, and will take
place later this month. Contributions
from the California chapter will be on
display at the time.
