# W. S. C. SPEAKERS VISIT HIGH SCHOOLS
## 
### 
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
STATE COLLEGE OF WASHING
TON — (P.I.P.) —Crimson Circle, upper
classman honorary society, working in
conjunction with the associated stu
dents, has sent two delegates to the
different high schools in the state to
speak to the students and inform and
acquaint them with the State College.
They left with the men's glee club and
will follow closely its course, making
side trips to various high schools in
the vicinity of the course taken by the
club.
