# Tryouts
## 
### 
Election Chairmen: Interviews
tomorrow, Wednesday and Thurs
day. Applicants may sign up in
the ASSU office.
Stanford Players: Tryouts will
be held tonight and tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Room 205 in Me
morial Hall for the Stanford
Players' "Intimate Revue" which
will be presented in the Little
Theater on Feb. 27 and 28 and
March 1, 6 through 8. All stu
dents, faculty, staff and alumni
are eligible. The cast will include
singers, dancers, actors and spe
cialty artists. Material will be
available for those not bringing
their own.
Quad: The 1958 Quad needs
two photographers for winter
quarter. Equipment and film are
supplied by the Quad. Work on
the Quad can be counted for
group activity credit.
