# Singers Needed
## 
### 
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
The University Chorus needs
applicants for its bass and bari
tone sections in preparation for
a performance of the Berlioz Re
quiem April 2 and 3 with the San
Francisco Symphony. Interested
men may contact Professor Har
old Schmidt in the Music Depart
ment.
