# Brandt Will Speak At Tuesday Series
## 
### 
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
Karl Brandt, associate director
of the Food Research Institute,
will speak on "Europe — The
Emerging Third Power" at the
Tuesday livening Series tomor
row.
Dr. Brandt, who is an interna
tionally famous agricultural econ
omist, returned last fall from an
extensive European tour, during
which he attended several eco
nomic conferences and talker!
with political leaders in many
countries.
The program will start at 7:30
in Memorial Auditorium, and will
be free of charge.
Dr. Brandt was born in Essen,
Germany, where he organized
Germany's first Institute of Mar
ket Research, from which he was
forced out of office in 1933 by
the N'azi revolt. He came to
America the same year and has
been at Stanford since 1938.
