# INSIDE
## 
### 
Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



Never
a better season for
senior Tony Detter, the
athlete of the week.
See Sports, page 6

Say
cheese! Senior Audrey
Wooding smiles after a
stand-out golf season.
See Sports, page 6

Never
let a cereal box
get the best
of you.
See Comic, page 7



