# Bridges Scoffs At Steamship Threats
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (JF).—
Harry Bridges, president of the
District Council of the Maritime
Federation, issued a statement to
day terming threats of steamship
companies to abandon San Francisco
temporarily as a port of call be
cause of labor troubles "merely a
publicity stunt."
Bridges also declared Paul
Scharrenberg "is doing his best, to
wreck the marine unions on the Pa
cific Coast so lhat he may return to
his former position of power."
Scharrenbe/g is attending the In
ternational Seamen's Convention at
Washington, D.C., as a member of
the excculive board for the Pacific
Coast.
QUADS ON SALE
Quads will be on sale from 8 (o
12:15 o'clock today in front of (lie
post office. The Bookstore and the
A.S.S.U. office take orders at any
time.
