# OIL SANCTION UPHELD
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
LONDON, Jan. 15 (A I ).—The Brit
ish Cabinet instructed Anthony |
Eden, foreign secretary, today to !
support but not to initiate any ,
moves for oil and other new sanc
tions against Italy at a meeting of
the League of Nations Council next
Monday.
