# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
Stanford's all-time football record
includes 319 wins, 104 losses, and 34
ties.
