# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.

DON SELBY, pictured above, took
over the job of publicizing the
Stanford football team as a senior
here last year. He is now a Naval
Aviation Cadet at St. Mary's Pre-
Flight. where he has won high
honors.
