# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
Sheep ticks, although insects, do
not lay eggs, but bring forth their
young alive.
