# Untitled Article
## 
### 
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
San Francisco's infant mortality
rate of 33 deaths per thousand live
births is one of the lowest in the
country.
