# New York Juniors Are Suspended.
## 
### 
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
The entire Junior class of New
York University was suspended for
three days yesterday, for hazing Hen
ry Bloch, a freshman student. Bloch
refused to obey some of the un
written rules of the institution, and
was dipped in a fountain. The fac
ulty suspended the junior president,
whereupon, the student body struck
for one day. Later, however, the
students voted to accept the penalty
which had been imposed on the jun
iors.
