# PLAN FOR CHINESE STUDENTS.
## Government May Set Aside Sum of Money To Pay Expenses of Those Educated Here. 
### 
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
The United States government hav
ing remitted $20,000,000 indemnity
which China had agreed to pay on
account of the Boxer outrages, Wil
liam T. Ellis, of Philadelphia, is
leading a movement to have this
money devoted to the education of
Chinese students in this country. He
says, "Thirteen thousand Chinese
students have been studying in Tokio
during the past year, but in addi
tion to being a hotbed of revolu
tionary sentiment and gross immor
ality, this Chinese student body in
Japan is not receiving a thorough
education. At the government ex
aminations last fall, out of nearly
one hundred men examined, most of
whom had been educated in Japan,
not one of the latter passed, while
the five who stood at the head and
had passed were educated in Amer
ica. It is now the government's in
tention, high officials have informed
me, to send no more students to Ja
pan.
"Certainly the nation that trains
these young men will be the domin
ant influence in China a few years
hence."
Mr. Ellis thinks that if the Uni
ted States would set aside this sum
of $20,000,000 to help pay the ex
penses of Chinese students to be se
lected by their home government and
sent here, the latter would gladly
take advantage of the opportunity
