# Adv. 26 Page 5
## 
### 
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
KT
* .
Snootie?
Sure! And you would be too, if you
were this cutie. She knows how the
sparkle of rhinestones and the soft
ness of pearl can add glamour to
her ensembles . . . and she knows,
too, that she has chosen jewelry
styled for her individually. Yes,
she's a smartie, because she
shopped at Elwoods, where a per
sonal interest is taken in helping
you select the right jewelry at the
right priccs.
Ask for Marvel
at
Elwoods
PALO ALTO SAN |OSE
I 222 University 86 S. Ist
