# JVâ€™s Slate SF State
## 
### 
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
Confirmation of a previously
tentatively scheduled game adds
San Jose State to the junior var
sity sked.
The game, to be played on the
Braves' practice field at 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 11, pits an unde
feated Brave squad against an
above-average Gator aggregation.
During the past week the junior
varsity has been acting the part of
El Troy. Offensive units have been
running USC plays at varsity de
fensive platoons.
