# Meetings
## IIR 
### 
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
All students interested in or
working with the lIR will meet be
tween 3:30 and 4 p.m. today to ad
journ for an informal lIR gathering
of! campus. Rides will be waiting
at the lIR shack.
