# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Kay Laskaris, '53, to
Art McyerhofT, graduate student in
geology. They plan to be married
next fall.
