# Degree Requests Due Oct. 23
## 
### 
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
Tuesday, Oct. 23. is the dead
line for filing applications for
A.M.. M.S. and Engineer degrees
expected at the end of winter
quarter, according to Mrs. Flo
rine Mcintosh, graduate study
secretary.
Applications must be signed by
major departments before being
submitted to the graduate study
office. Room 111 M, Registrar's
Office, *>n or before Oct. 23.
