# OATQ policy
## 
### 
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
The Daily prints Once Around
the Quad announcements as a
public service to the community.
All announcements must be
submitted in person to the Daily

office, Storke Publications
Building, Stanford, C'A. A sepa
rate form must be filled out for
each day the announcement is to
be published. Only announce
ments for those events which are
free and open to the public will
be printed.
