# Special Christmas Song Service.
## 
### 
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
The last meeting of the Christian
Associations before vacation will
consist of a Christmas song service
given by the Girls' Glee Club. The
program will contain carols and
appropriate solos, and will begin
promptly at 7:30 Sunday. The
soloists are all well known on the
campus with the exception of Miss
Gertrude Beeger, '06, of Redwood
City.
The Girls' Glee Club will sing
two carols: "There Dwelt in Old
Judea," and "Hark, the Joyful
Christmas Greeting." Miss Jeral
dine Brown, '04, will sing "In the
Way of Peace"; Miss Helen Lewis,
'06, "Holy Christmas Night";
Miss Gertrude Beeger, '06, "O,
Divine Redeemer"; Miss Chita
Kraft, '03,"The Birthday of a
King." A violin solo by Miss Grace
Bruckman, '04, and a violin obii
gato by Miss Bruckman and G. L.
Scoville, '03, are also announced.
