# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
it's more fun if you're
wearing a new pastel
COLORED BELT
from /
c: A-
M&7
V_ON RAMONA
