# Chinese Troops Land Near Matsu
## 
### 
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
T A I P E I — Chinese Communist
troops were reported today to have
staged amphibious landing exercises
in an area just north of the Na
tionalist - held offshore island of
Matsu.
The unofficial Chinatone News
Agency said a series of mock am
phibious attacks were held by the
Reds May 11 and 12 around recently
evacuated Nanchi Island.
The agency, which claims con
nections with Nationalist intelli
gence circles, reported that some
40 Red Chinese gunboats and mo
torized junks took part in the ex
ercises.
