# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
Shareholders Attention!
Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting for Share
holders in the Stanfcid Federal
Credit Union will be held Tues
day, January 1 3, 1966 at 7:30
p.m. at Room 300, Engineering
Corner. 1965 will be reviewed
—candidates to the Board of
Directors and the Credit Com
mittee elected. The meeting is
open to the public.
Plan now to come—and partici
pate.
STANFORD FEDERAL
CREDIT UNION
ENCINA HALL
John King, Manager
Ext. 2182, 2385
