# THETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Eleanor Harris, '35.
