# Deserts Amateurs
## 
### 

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)

Mildred "Babe" Didrikson, the
one-girl track team who was re
instated to amateur standing after
suspension on charges of violating
amateur rules, said she intended to
turn professional despite the re
instatement. (Associated Press
Photo)
