# '33 Licenses Available At Local Police Station
## 
### 
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
Applications for 1933 motor ve- j
hicle license plates may be obtained j
at the Palo Alto Folice Department j
until January 15, it was announced
yesterday by John Murison, investi
gator for the city's department of
motor vehicles.
Non-residents desiring California
plates arc urged to call at the office
as soon as possible in order to be
assured that they are holding neces
sary papers and to give them ample
time to communicate with their
home states.
