# Cap and Gown Will Hostess At Canteen
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, women's honorarv
society, will take over the Stanford
Canteen this Saturday night after
the Gaieties and sell cookies, cake,
sandwiches, and cokes to all comers.
A fortune teller will be on hand to
look into the future of any willing
Stanfordite and the 1944 Cap and
Gown calendars will also be on sale.
Profits for the night will go toward
furnishing a day room in the Dibble
Hospitalâ€”a new Army hospital in
Menlo.
The Canteen was closed Saturday
and Sunday for cleaning because it
had not been kept up, according to
Carol Hurwitz, chairman. A plan is
being considered whereby different
men's halls will clean the Canteen
every night.
Another possible plan is to have
women's living groups take over the
Canteen on Friday afternoons, Sat
urday nights, and Sunday afternoons,
providing whatever entertainment
they want, according to Miss Hur
witz.
