# Annual Poster Fight Not To Be Held This Quarter
## 
### 
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
Hostilities between the underclass
men this year are to be restricted to
the annual rush on the football field
and the baseball fight, which will
come later in the year. The usual
poster fight will not be held, as the
faculty does not think it advisable
under existing conditions. Every ef
fort, therefore, will be put forth by
the underclassmen to appear with
full quotas on the football field Wed
nesday and settle their differences,
as that will be the only opportunity
both classes will have of meeting en
nuisse with official sanction.
