# FRATERNITIES MEET McDOWELL tomorrow
## 
### 
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
J. E. McDowell has notified all the
men's fraternities to meet with him to
morrow evening at 7:30 in room 12. He
will speak 011 subjects of general inter
est to the college men. This will be the
second of Mr. McDowell's conferences
with the men, as he meets the Encina
group this evening.
