# 'Artography' Talk
## 
### 
S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

S(ulptor, engraver, engineer, Alexander (i. Werners will lecture
in 11m- Tuesday livening Series tonight at 7:.'!0 in Memorial Audi
torium. Instead of the sculptor's chisel or the painter's brush,
W'eyger's newest tool is the camera, with which he creates "artog
rnphy" (urt-iii-pliolography) in close-ups of everyday subjects.
Colored slides will illustrate his lecture, "Beauty in Your Own
Backyard." Weygers and his wife live in the < armel Valley i" the
house they huilt tlicinselves. In addition to his other accomplish
ments, Weygers has patented a flying saucer.

