# Scholarships
## 
### 
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
Ford Foundation Behavioral
sci«• n c c Program: Ten $2100
awards to students entering Stan
lord graduate school with the in
tention of continuing for the
Ph.D. degree in economics, his
tory, communications and jour
nalism, psychology, sociology, an
thropology or political science.
Stanford University Graduate
School: 150 fellowships and schol
arships in 31 University fields.
Applications must lie filed by
Feb. 15 in the Financial Awards
Office.
I niversities of Alabama and
Kentucky or Universities of Flor
ida and Tennessee Graduate
Schools: $2200 fellowships to stu
dents interested in public service
careers who will receive their
A.13. in June. Students will serve
three months with a public agen
cy during the summer and then
take courses at either set of uni
versities during the school ses
sion. For eligibility requirements
and other information students
shoudl write the Educational Di
rector, Southern Regional Train
ing Program in Public Adminis
tration, University of Alabama.
