# Letters
## Fundamental Standard violations taken seriously 
### 
I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

I'M SORRY that Leslie Kaufman
did not check some of her facts
and allegations with me before
writing her May 17 column, "Expel
student felons." She, other Daily writ
ers and even the district attorney's
staff have gotten much inaccurate and
misleading mileage out of my observa
tion a couple of weeks ago that Stan
ford rarely expels students for miscon
duct.
It is true that expulsions for non
academic reasons are rare (one in the
past six years) and it is also true that
University policy values education and
rehabilitation over punishment. It is
highly misleading, however, to reach
from these generalities to a specific
conclusion in the case of the student
arrested recently for thefts from the
Stanford Bookstore.

I am investigating the allegations
about this student and when the facts
are all in will make a decision about
whether or not to charge him with a
violation of the Fundamental Standard
of student conduct.
If a judicial process follows, it will
respect the student's right for that
process and its outcomes to be con
fidential. This right is one of many
due process considerations stipulated
by the University's Legislative and
Judicial Charter.
Complaints submitted to the Judicial
Affairs Office that students are behav
ing in unacceptable ways are, in fact,
viewed seriously and responded to
promptly. Students found guilty of
dishonesty or other anti-social acts are
punished, the severity of the punish
ment calibrated to the severity of the

offense. Unexpected leaves of absence,
delayed degree conferrals, No Credits
or other outcomes may be accurately
recognized as penalties by those close
to the situation; generally, however,
individual penalties are not visible to
the campus or other populations.
Kaufman may disagree with the
confidential nature of University disci
pline (and she won't be alone in that).

She should not, however, assume
inaction — or worse, "casualness" and
"flip and careless" responses — when
the facts of an individual case are not
known to her and will not be known
to her or anyone else unless the stu
dent in question chooses to make those
facts public.
Sally Cole
Judicial Affairs Officer

