# Cal Game Tickets
## 
### 
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball game against Cal to
be played at Berkeley may be pur
chased at the BAC until 4 p.m.
Thursday. The price for students
is 50 cents.
