# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
Barbizon flattery
for your spring
clothes —
Bryn Belle Slips
$2.00
Perfect 4-gore bias slip
cut on a true 45 degree
angle!
Rayon satin—
short length
medium length
Weilsterte
335 University Ave.
