# Adv. 22 Page 6
## 
### 
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
SOME PEOPLE
RETIRE WITH
MORE
THANJOSTA
GOLD WATCH.
You work hard all
your life and what
do you get?
Well, depending
on where you work,
you could get cancer.
Over the next
several years the
American Cancer
Society will be con
ducting more research
into certain lifestyles
and exposures which
could increase cancer
mortality.
So know the
risks.
Don't smoke.
Look for the
warning signs of
cancer.
And retire not
only with a gold
ticker.
But a healthy
one, also.
