# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
4 THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
