# Club Builds Radio Sets
## 
### 
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
Plans for the building of three
powerful transmitters that will en
able Stanford amateur radio opera
tors to converse with all parts of
(he world, are well under way in the
Stanford Radio Club rooms on the
second floor of the Electrical En
gineering Building.
Most of the parts necessary for the
erection of the transmitters are al
ready available with a few minor
parts promised by several students
on the campus. These transmitters
will be complete and separate in
themselves with each amateur op
erator being assigned a separate
band and call letter by the federal
government.
Two of the transmitters will have
an input of 500 watts, while the
third will have an input of 250
watts. Tlie.se transmitters are con
sidered powerful as the maximum
input allowed to amateurs is 1000
watts. Under good conditions it is
felt that the transmitters will be
powerful enough to reach all parts
of the world.
Any licensed amateur radio opera
tor on the campus is invited to join
the club and help build and operate
the transmitters. The club room is
500G in the south building of the
engineering row.
Two thousand paddles, one whole
truckload, were recently delivered
to a fraternity house in Kansas.
