# QUAD SALE
## 
### 
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
All students who have not bought
their quads will be able to do so
today at Post Office steps from 8 to
12 o'clock.
