# Stanford Defeats San Jose.
## 
### 
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
Tn the third preliminary basketball
panic, Stanford defeated San Jose
Normal School team, on the Roblc
conrts, by the scorc of n-5. The
Stanford team had the game well in
hand throughout and San Jose was
never dangerous.
