# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It has come to be an almost estab
lished fact that the baseball team
shall struggle through its season
without any organized support from
the bleachers. Outside of the series
with California there is no rooting
during the spring semester on the <
diamond bleachers. For this state of
affairs there seems to be no good rea
son. The yell leaders arc appointed
to serve through the college year and I
they have no right to assume that j
their duties end with the Varsity foot- J
ball game. This season the yell lead
ers have been conspicuous by their
absence at all the practices and pr
liminary baseball games. If the Stan
ford bleachers are to accord the Car
dinal nine any support in the Inter
collegiate series, a little preliminary
practice would do no harm. It cer
tainly cannot be claimed that the effi
ciency of the Cardinal rooting section
last semester was such that any fur
ther practice is unnecessary. Surely
the yell leaders can spare the time to
attend one or two of the preliminary
baseball games in their official cap
acity.
