# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
IstrikeJ
TQASTEIp^Sf
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
