# Under the Sun
## 
### 
$> C. N. H
The popular conception
of an editor is one of a
scowling, piercing-eyed,
taciturn, skeptical
skeleton surrounded by
countless waste-baskets,
and emitting snorts of
professional disgust.
Let the hero of this
tale be no exception.
Even now observe him in
his lair, performing his
tasks woodenly, his busy
brain reviewing the
details of his divorce,
granted two days ago.
His wife had been in the
rather annoying weekly
habit of beating him up.
He picks up a well-worn
manuscript and reads
the unmistakable title:
"Woman's Weakness"
* >â–º * * * *
(The above asterisks
are substituted for the
delighted editor's
spontaneous language.)
We now see the tattered
author of the unread
masterpiece in his
garret, dully reading
the rejection slip,
closing the windows
and turning on the gas.
