# CAMPUS ANTHOLOGY
## Geraldine Petit 
### 
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
Geraldine Petit wears dark colors and straight lines. She weighs 201
pounds. She is terribly worried about it but not worried enough to lose
weight, over the matter. She spends the greater part of her generous allow
ance on reductive appliances. These reduce the purse and not the person.
The rest of her allowance is spent on chocolate nougat nut sundaes and
Rocky Road. Geraldine endeavors to diet —spasmodically. But three days'
abstinence from cream puffs and potatoes always convinces her that "it's
better to have a good disposition than a good figure." Which shows her
good sense.
