# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Detdline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
