# KZSU
## 
### 
4:2s—News and Sports Headlines
I:3o—Sweet vs. Swing
s:oo—Seven Top Pops
s:2s—News and Sports Headlines
s:3o—Cousin's Corner
7:oo—Cosmo's Jazz
7:2s—News and Sports Headlines
7:3o—Concert Theater
7:4s—Bonandorama
K:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Foreign Focus
9:2s—News and Sports Headlines
!>:3o—Wein, Weib und (lesang
10:00—Career Hour
10:30—Music (ill Midnight
11:25—News and Sports Headlines
11:30—Music till Midnight
12:00—News and Sports Headlines
KZSU will hold auditions for po
sitions on its winter quarter staff
this week from 4 to 6 every after
noon in Room 204, on the second
floor of Memorial Auditorium. Per
sons interstcd in acting or an
nouncing are especially welcome.
Both men and women are needed.
