# Wanted!
## 
### 
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
The Daily needs a ski report
er!
With the winter sports season
now in full swing, the Daily
Sportscene will attempt to keep
its readers informed of ski and
sno vv conditions at favored
spots here in the West.
Anyone interested in writing
information of this sort should
contact Daily Sports Editor
Steve Baffrey as soon as pos
sible.
