# Stuttgart Class Elects Officers
## 
### 
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
.Robert E. Capron has been
elected president of the student
body for the second group of stu
dents on the Stuttgart campus.
Other Stuttgart officers elected
nclude Mareia Miilu, vice-presi
dent; Bill Sterling, public rela
tions chairman; William R.
Moore, activities chairman; Rob
ert Hamrdla, finance chairman.
The second group to study at
Stuttgart left Dec. 30 for Ger
many and arrived in time for
New Year's Eve.
