# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
The trade name for Abaca is
Manila Hemp because al] of the
product is marketed through that
city.
