# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
Sign-up sheets for the intra
mural basket bail program are on
the intramural bulletin board.
They must he completed by
Thursday at' 5 p.m. Play starts
on Monday, Jan. 12.
Teams with special scheduling
preferences should see Intramu
ral Director L'lwyn Bugge as soon
as possible.
