# TEA FOR NEW LAGUNITA GIRLS
## 
### 
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
Lagunita Excom is planning a tea
this afternoon from 3:00 to 5:00 for
all the girls who are new to Lagu
nita Court either summer or fall
quarters.
