# NEW VOCOM CHAIRMAN
## 
### 
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
Sybil Harrison, Chalet senior, was
recently chosen chairman of Vocom
(Women's Committee) and will serve
in her office during the autumn and
winter quarters.
