# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
Some 4,000 men have been released
from Army service to work in the
mining industry.
