# JUNIOR OPERA SCORES MAY BE ORDERED NOW
## 
### 
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
An edition of the nine best song hits
from the 1924 Junior Opera will be pub
lished, and orders are now being taken
for the limited number of copies which
will be printed. Orders may be made at
the Bookstore or from agents who will
visit all living groups.
Several of th»* musical composers of
"Fore" have been the principal song
writers of the last two or three junior
operas. There are musical contributions
by Dick Malaby, Charles Midgley, Clu
Carey, Lewis Alabaster, Earl Glauber,
and Ted Van Deusen.
