# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
Sylvester Stomp
Sylvester Grlsby will be
featured at an all campus
“stomp" in front of the eat
ing clubs after the San Jose
State «ame tomorrow. The
eating clubs, Faison, Gavilan,
Magnolia, Olivo, Paloma, and
Koble 3A are sponsoring the
event. Refreshments FREE.
Kveryone is invited. Follow
the hand and pom-pon girls
from the game to the eating
club court or just he there at
3:30 p.m.
