# Head of Africa Program Will Speak Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
Dr. James Robinson, originator
and director of Operation Cross
roads Africa, will give an address
in Dinkolspiel Auditorium tomor
row evening at 7:30. The former
Harlem minister is interested in
establishing at Stanford a West
Coast center for Operation Cross
roads Africa, the program which
sends students to Africa each
summer to live, study, and work
with Africans.
Dr. Robinson, a noted speaker,
author, and interracial organizer,
was invited to Stanford in con
nection with Wilbur Hall's Great
Men series.
