# FOURTH IN 100
## 
### 

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.

By Feg Murray, 'tfi
George Simpson, former Ohio Stale
sprinter, who took fourth place in the
100 meter dash in the Olympiad yester
day, being barely beaten to the tape
by Jonatli, German flash.
