# SPANISH PLAY HAS NOVEL THEME FOR ACTIVITIES OF HERO
## 
### 
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
"Al Natural," a play to be given by ;
members of the Spanish department in j
the Stanford Union court, is based on !
the comparison of the social life in
Madrid with that of the Spanish coun- .
try estate. Until the hero, Joaquin, j
played by Frank Dorsey, meets Miss j
Mary Osmond, as Pilar, in her country j
surroundings, lie prefers the more |
sophisticated beauty of the maidens of
Madrid. But in the end, the simplicity
of Pilar conquers. Friday, August 5, is
the tentative date set for the play. The
Misses Lindeman will sing following
the performance.
