# REDS ROAST WHITE FRONTS
## 
### 
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
White collars will no longer be j
frowned upon in Soviet Russia. At the j
All-Union Conference of Young Com- )
munists held at Moscow in July, an
nouncement was made that freedom in .
dress was to be tolerated, and that a |
"white starched collar and a fashion
able tie" would no longer be considered
signs of the despised "intellectuals."
