# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Catherine Crary
and Wayne Elwood, both Stanford '32.
Miss Crary was a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma and was prominent in
campus dramatics. Elwood belonged to
Beta Theta Pi.
