# SWAIN AND MEARS ATTEND SOUTHLAND EVENTS OF INTEREST
## 
### 
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
Dr. Robert Eckles Swain, acting
president, and Eliol G. Means, director
of the summer quarter, are now in Iho
South. Dr. Swain, who is attending the
Olympic Games, will return to the
campus Friday.
Dr. Mears, who left yesterday to lie
present at a convention of the 'Ameri
can Association of Port Authorities at
the Ambassador Hotel, will be back
Monday.
