# BELGIUM EDUCATION ADDS TWO YEARS MORE FOR TEACHERS
## 
### 
For the first time a national law has
been passed in Belgium for reform in
educational instruction and teacher's
training.
According to Constant Lurguin, as
sistant professor of science at the Uni
versity of Brussels, who is studying
the education department in various
American universities, this law estab
lishes a new degree for secondary in
struction. The law will require two
years of work following the require
ments equivalent to the A.B. degrees.
The C.R.B. Foundation was estab
lished by the Relief Commission in
Belgium, which was under the direc
tion of President Hoover during the
World War. It was due to Hoover's ef
forts that the United States exchanges
twelve to fifteen students with Bel
gium.
