# Walther Leagues Hear Speech On Modern Times
## 
### 
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
G. Christian Barth, president of
Concordia College, Wisconsin, in a
speech at the international convention
of Walther Leagues in Los Angeles,
warned American youth that "modern
times are characterized by destructive
floods of evil," and that young people
of today should guard against the sin
ful influences "which started when Cain
slew Abel."
