# POWER ACTIVITY CONDEMNED IN U.S. SENATE
## Senator Norris Ends Speech Deploring Control of Newspaper Field 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (/P)—Con
cluding a two-day speech against ac
tivities of power interests in the news
paper field, Senator Norris, Repub
lican, Nebraska, urged publishers to
day to reject offers of purchase from
the "power trust."
The Nebraskan pointed to the dis
closures before the Federal Trade
Commission that the International
Paper and Power Company had
bought stock in newspapers, and ex
pressed the belief that "every news
paper in the country has had the op
portunity to sell out to the power
trust."
Norris again delved into particular
situations in various parts of the
country. lie referred again to the
Mobile, Alabama, newspaper situation,
and to the contention that Ira C.
Copley, owner of a number of papers
in Illinois and California, still had
public utility stock.
Reading a telegram from Copley
denying this charge, Norris said he
joined with the publisher in urging
that the Federal Trade Commission
summon him to be questioned on that
point.
In the Senate, Norris said many
newspapers had been "astounded" by
the testimony given before the trade
commission in the International Paper
inquiry. He read an advertisement
from the Mobile, Alabama, Register,
attacking power influences in the
press.
Norris referred to testimony of
Samuel S. Wyer before the Federal
Trade Commission which he said dis
closed Wyer had written pamphlets
at the suggestion of an official of the
Smithsonian Institution. He described
the pamphlets as propaganda of the
"Power Trust" and he denounced the
invasion of these companies in an in
stitution looked upon as governmental
and scientific in character.
