# First Submarine, Crew Are Raised From Ocean Floor
## 
### 
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
COLON, Canal Zone, May 21. (,/P) —
A United States submarine and its
crew were raised from the bottom of
the sea for the first time in navy
history on May 17, in Panama Bay.
The S-11, which went down to a
depth of 87 feet, was found by the
submarines S-12 and S-20 and was
raised by the rescue ship Mallard a
few hours later.
