# A
						shot of the usual
## 
### 
Jim Page, folk poet, street
singer and populist advocate in
the steps of Woody Guthrie and
Pete Seeger, has become a
legendary figure for a growing
audience throughout the Pacific
Northwest.
Combining political courage

and musical competence of an
extraordinary level, he has
fashioned a unique musical style
inspired by and in spite of the
legacy of Mississippi John Hurt,
Huddie Ledbetter, Guthrie,
Seeger and Hob Dylan.
Born in Palo Alto, Page has
spent 10 years traveling
throughout the Northwest and
Northeast, performing in the
backstreets of Seattle, in the
nightclubs of San Jose, on uni
versity campuses, at city council
meetings, at rallies and de
monstrations. Turning down of
fers from major recording com
panies (among them Columbia),
he has completed, at long last,
two albums in the past year: A
Shot of the Usual and On the
Street Again.
A Shot of the Usual is a vibrant
dose of the unusual. Page's
guitar is more than accompani
ment: it is a companion, provid
ing the rhythmic taps, bass
leads, melodic lines and chord
progressions which compliment
liis carefully crafted songs and
rich, tenor voice.
Whether singing of man's
grandiose contemporary en
devours, as in "The Great Alaska
Oil Rush," or in his conflicting
human relationships, as in
"Landlord," Page leaves behind
melodies that will pursue you in
your waking hours and
memories that will haunt you in
the social nightmares of modern
man.

