# A 						sampling of new sounds in rock, pop and folk
## rock/dean eyre folk/martin kernberg World Record 
### 
Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

Van Der Graaf Generator (Mer
cury)
It is highly unlikely that cuts
from this album would be
popularized by radio, for Van
Der Graaf doesn't record dance
able or singable music. What
their music does offer are the
powerful, concise lyrics of Peter
Hammill. "When She Comes"
best exemplifies such lyrics,
spoken over fine sax and organ
backups.
In addition to the hard-hitting,
sometimes coarse lyrics, Van Der
Graaf features a unique versatil
ity of instrumentation, espe
cially with keyboard and
saxophone arrangements. Part of
the characteristic sound results
from speaking (or shouting)
lyrics over instrumentation on
many songs.
Other than this controversial
technique, the other major criti
cism is the unnecessary length of

some songs. Van Der Graaf lacks
the momentum to link extended
instrumental stretches between
the verses found in marathoners
such as Iron Butterfly. World He
cord is not meant to be bought
for Top 40 memorization mate
rial, but should be considered by
those appreciative of expressive
lyrics, instrumental skill, and
rock on the "heavy metal" side.

