# Untitled Article
## 
### 

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.

A Travesty
Raye Birk and Barbara Dirickson star in American Conservatory
Theater's new production of Travesties, opening this evening at
the Geary Theatre in San Francisco. Tom Stoppard's battle of

—photo courtesy ACT
wisecracking artists and bombastic revolutionaries is under the
direction of A.C.T. guest director Nagle Jackson. Deborah May
and James Winker are also featured in the play, already well
received in London and New York.
