# Farm Economists Go To Cleveland Meeting
## 
### 
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
Bernard F. Haley and Eliot Jones,
economics profssors at Stanford will
travel to Cleveland next week to at
tend ihe meeting of the American
Economic Association from January
24 to 27.
Dr. Haley, who will leave on Jan
uary 22, will speak on "The Rela
tionship Between Commodity Agree
ment Policy and Cartel Policy on
January 2(5. Dr. Jones, who will
preside over a session on Postwar
Railroad Problems, left the campus
vesterday.
