# Announcements
## 
### 
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
Tomorrow will not be a University
holiday.
It Is a policy of The Daily Palo Alto
not to publish communications in its
columns, the author of which is not
known to the editor. Consideration
will be given then seven "Viewpoints"
on the "Import Dance" if the writers
will leave their names in the Daily
office.
Students — Make corrections in
"Bawl-Out" proofs posted in front of
the registrar's office.
Several of this year's Varsity men
who have earned their letters, wish to
take this opportunity of sincerely
thanking Mr. Pettingill and the Ex
ecutive Committee for permission to
wear the same.
Kappa Alpha Theta is entirely sat
isfied with the way in which the fire
of last Saturday afternoon was man
aged and wishes to thank Mr. Hewston
and all those who aided in extinguish
ing the fire for their kind assistance.
SUNDAY
Music Clnl)—Meet 4:30 p.m. at Chi
Omega house.
MONDAY.
Scliiiljert Club—Meets 5 p.m., Room
84.

As a moans of enforcing the ruling
concerning freslnnan caps at the Uni
versity of Kansas, the Law school
recently fined all its offenders fifty
dandelions apiece and sent them out
into the hills to gather the harvest.
