# War Information
## 
### 
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
(Additional information concerning
enrollment for Enlisted Specialists'
School at Fort Winfleld Scott.)
Applicants should file their papers
at the registrar's office at once, at
taching to them at least three letters
of recommendation which testify as to
their character, training, and ability.
A snapshot should be attached to the
application.
It is possible to induct men with the
right qualifications into this school.
Men above or below the draft age may
be enlisted.
It is important that the candidate
observe carefully the instructions on
the application form and that he at
tach letters and a photograph when
he files it. Applications only par
tially completed will not he consid
ered.
The next school opens June 4.
Candidates must be prepared to appear
here not later than May 20.
