# EUPHRONIA DISCUSSES WAR'S LABOR PROBLEM
## 
### 
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
Euphronia's meeting last night was
featured not only by the debate pre
viously scheduled, but also by an im
promptu discussion with members of
Nestoria as to which society has the
right to use Room 12 of the Law
building. Members of both societies
arrived in the room thinking that
their society was to meet there. After
a lively free-for-all discussion, it was
decided to arbitrate the matter. Eu
phronia has placed its case in the
hands of its two most prominent de
bators, J. G. Driscoll, '18, and M. L.
McClintock, '18.
With this little episode as a start,
Euphronia continued the regular part
of the meeting with a debate on the
subject: "Resolved, that all skilled
labor engaged in industries, non-es
sential to the winning of the war,
should be transferred to the essential
industries." The speakers for* the
affirmative were G. P. Wood, '20, and
J. E. Simpson, '21. The negative was
upheld by R. B. Montgomery, '20, and
L. D. Wilbur, '21.
In the business meeting after the
debate two new men were elected,
Philip Goddard, '21, and R. B. Mont
gomery, '20.
