# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Southern Pacific Handbook.â€”
The Southern Pacific has just
issued a very hsindt-ome hook en
titled ''Wayside Notes Along the
Sunset Route," dealing chiefly with
California, Arizona, and New
Mexico. Every community along
the Sunset Route, between San
Francisco and hll 1'aso, including
all branches of the line, is given
individual mention. The original
method of illustration, with the
character of the half-lone engrav
ings, forms the most attractive
feature of the hook. Copies of Ibis
valuable publication mav be se
cured from the local agent, or from
Mr. T. H. Goodman, General Pas
senger Agent, Southern Pacific
Company, San Francisco, Califor
nia. If application is made to the
latter, two cents postage should be
inclosed.
