# Student Activities
## BADMINTON CLUB 
### 
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
in the Women's Gym. Wear tennis
shoes and bring racquets and .shut
tlecocks.
