# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.

JACK RYE (28), Stanford's outstanding defensive end, is shown here breaking up a pass intended
for Oregon State's Ralph Carr (12). Other Card players are fullback Chuck Essegian (56) and end
Bruce Van Alstyne (52). The Indians broke a 23-year-old jinx by beating the Beavers on their
home lot at Corvallis, Oregon. The score was 21 to 0. The undefeated Indians lock horns with
Santa Clara this Saturday.
