# Actress to Give Reading Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
Tonight at 7:30 in the Little The
ater the Speech and Drama Depart
ment will present actress Marian
Long Stebbins in the reading of a
recent Broadway play.
Mrs. Stebbins, who was last seen
here a year ago in the Stanford
production of "Romeo and Juliet.'
has appeared in many New York
plays and is former speech and
drama director of Mills College.
Tonight's program, to which the
campus is invited, will run approx
imately an hour and a half.
