# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Roberta Martin, '51, to
Joseph Rodgers, '51. He is a mem
ber of Delta Chi.
