# Art Critic-Teacher Will Lecture Today
## 
### 
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
The second in a series of illus
trated lectures on new trends in
modern art will be given today at
4:15 p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium.
The lecturer, Sibyl Moholy-Nagy,
widow of one of the foremost expo
nents of the modern movement in
art and design, is herself a well
known art critic and author. Her
subject will be "Idea and Pure
Form."
The lectures, which are open to
the public without charge, are be
ing held in conjunction with the
current Stanford Art Gallery show.
