# Scott Leads Sigma Nu's
## 
### 
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
In a game which saw the winning
touchdown scored with only 15
seconds to play, Sigma Nu I de
feated Phi Sigma Kappa 12 to 6
yesterday afternoon. Phi Sig led 6
to 0 at the half.
Early in the second half Stan
Scott uncorked a 40-yard pass to
Dixon Young to spark a drive that
gave the Sigma Nu's a first down
on the Phi Sig 15-yard line. On the
next play Scott skirted his own
right end for a TD.
Then, with less than two minutes
to play, Sigma Nu started on a 65-
yard drive that was capped by a

pass from Scott to Young that put
the ball on the Phi Sig one-ya.xl
line. On the next play Scott scored.
Phi Sig got its lone tally early in
the game when Matt Schmutz in
tercepted a pass and rambled into
the end zone untouched. Scores of
other games were as follows:
Breakers over Stern 11, 12 to 6;
Crothers Hall over Phi Sig 11, 31 to
0; Beta II over Lee's Marauders by
forfeit; Encina 2E over Toyon Rog
ers, 12 to 0; Village 310 over Black
Acre by forfeit; Encina 5W over
Encina 2W, 6 to 0; Village 314 over
Village 316 by forfeit; Encina 3E
over Toyon Silvers, 19 to 0; Frosh
Medics over Village 214 by forfeit;
El Campo over Stern I, G to 0; Vil
lage 30(! over Village 210 by forfeit.
