# FENCERS WIN
## 
### 
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
Stanford's five-man fencing team,
led by Dick Gross, scored an 11 to
9 victory over San Francisco State
in a league match held here last
weekend.
