# Adv. 12 Page 7
## 
### 
swimming practices TWF mornings
8-9 a.m. 1 -2 mos. beginning ASAP
Pay $20/ hr. E-mail
amerz@stanford.edu if interested.
Accurate Editing & Transcription. Con
tact: Krisb2k@yahoo.com.
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 941 <350 eveA/vkend 4935512.
Woodstde High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs @ approx.
$10QW< Contact whs.tutorng@he.com
news ector,'reporter
For nail papers, mags. TV offers
tutonng in: wring, saence,
medbne, eoon. busness, etc.
gafcronson@earthlTk.net
650327-2999 SKYPEgaferorson
