# LEESEN, MEESTER SEGURA...:
## 
### 
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
1 Scnor Francisco Segura. the
U.S. Lawn Tennis Association's
Ecuadorean darling who heat
Stanford's Ted Sehroeder last
week, sleeks his heeg neck out,
lika thees:
"Thees Sehroeder is keeding me
about the national championships.
He says maybe he don't play in the
nationals because the competeeshun
is so punk and it means nothing if
he weens. I say I am playing in the
nationals. He say—so what? I say
I weel show you so what in thees
clay tourney. I showed him so what
in the final Sundee. And now Mes
ter Sehroeder must play in the na
tionals."
So ran the story in a city paper
yesterday.
Well, Francisco, it looks lika you
force Meester Sehroeder to play in
the nationals.
But we weel make you one heeg
wager that he weel knock you (lat
ter than my mother-in-law's knees
if he and you should happen to
play each other. In fact. Ted ees
hotter than pelotas del fuegos at
Forest Hills. Hasta la hasta. Fran
cisco.
