# Psychology Movies
## 
### 
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
Instructional and Research Films
in Genetic Psychology were present
ed by the psychology department
yesterday afternoon in the Auditor
ium of the Education Building. The
films began at 4:15, and the psychol
ogy classes were asked to attend the
pictures in place of their regular
class meeting for Wednesday.
The first film was entitled Experi
mental Studies in Social Climates of
Groups. It presented the behavior of
10-year-old boys toward autocratic,
democratic, and laissez-faire gov
ernments.
Use of Tools by Chimpanzees in
Problem Solution was the second
film. It answered the age-old ques
tion, "Is tool-using a talent or abil
ity that is confined to homo sap
iens?"
The third film, which began at 5
o'clock, was "The Use of Token-Re
wards in Experiments with Chim
panzees."
