# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
The colony of Rhode Island fitted
out two sloops two days before the
Battle of Bunker Hill. These were
the first armed American vessels
commissioned by any public author
ity.
