# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The officers elected for the En
cina Club lust evening should re
ceive the fullest co-operation of
every Encina man in carrying out
their plans for making the club
room and the hall more comfort
able and more attractive. The
building-up of Encina Hall is a
project in which the Encina men
are not the only ones interested.
The faculty and the entire student
body are vitally concerned in the
matter. It has been noticed in the
past that as Encina Hall declined
the Stanford spirit also lbtgged
from lack of unity and co-opera
tion in the student body. Encina
Hall is the logical center of our
student life, and every effort should
be made to keep it so. The ways
in which faculty and students out
side the hall can assist are many.
The club-room needs pictures, fur
nishings, games, and magazines.
These will be accepted cheerfully
and the donors will win the grati
tude of the hall.
