# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
LAST CALL
FOR
EUROPE!
★ ★ *
Limited space is still available on a
fine selection of escorted student
tours offered by reliable tour
operators.
Stop in today at
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
240 Hamilton, Palo Alto DA 3-2468
