# FROSH FENCERS
## 
### 
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
The Stanford frosh fencing team
meets Lincoln High of San Jose to
night in the Encina Gym at 7:30.
