# Party Postponed
## 
### 
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
The graduate class' beer party
planned for Flood Park tomorrow
afternoon has been postponed until
next week.
This afternoon's grad cocktail
party, however, will be held as
scheduled at Frank's Steak House
from 4 to 6 p.m. A combo will pro
vide music.
