# Anne Pottinger Services Today
## 
### 
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
Memorial services for Anne Pot
tinger, 19-year-old sophomore, will
be held this afternoon at 3 in Me
morial Church.
Miss Pottinger died of exposure,
shock, and exhaustion on a moun
tain-climbing trip in Yosemite No
tional Park last Sunday night.
Chaplain Philip Bentley, USN, of
the United States Naval Hospital in
Oakland will conduct the service.
David H. Romeis, assistant to Stan
ford Chaplain R. M. Minto, will as
sist
Instead of flowers, contributions
may be sent, to the Children's Hos
pital for Crippled Children, San
Diego.
Miss Pottinger was the daughter
of William K. Pottinger of the
United States Marines, who is sta
tioned at Cherry Point, North Caro
lina. At Stanford she lived at The
Oaks.
