# SPRING FOOTBALL PRACTICE
## 
### 
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
Football candidates for spring
practice must report to the coach's
office in the BAC today to pick up
their play sheets and practice in
formation.
