# Unclaimed Quads on Sale
## 
### 
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
All unclaimed ’6l Quads are
now on sale at the ASSU office
for $B.
