# Boxing Meet Starts Tonight
## 
### 
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
The CCBC boxing tournament
gels underway tonight, but the
big news for Card boxing fans is
who won’t be in it.
Ed Rothman, the outstanding
light-heavyweight in the confer
ence won’t be entered. Rothman
graduated last quarter, and
though he boxed all during the
league season, the coaches de
clined to vote him in the tourna
ment unanimously, so Rothman
decided not to enter.
Be that as it may, Stanford has
Mike Dowling as its only entry,
but he is an outstanding one.
Stanford boxing coach Ray Lain
ny privately expects Dowling to
win the heavyweight division.
The closest battle to the cham
pionship should come in the 147-
pound class, where Clayton Oilar
and Tony Giaccalone fight it out.
Other' outstanding fighters in
clude Ken Johnson in 156, and
Joe Tinney at 139.
