# Adv. 31 Page 6
## 
### 
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
©1974 The G»p
Take
a
Levi's
trip.
In Levi's Jeans.
Make it to the Gap.
For the world's greatest
selection of Levi's.®
Over 4 tons per store.
Levi's—that's all we
carry. For every size,
shape, taste and sex.
Good trip.
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
