# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
6:30 — Political Digest
with Mike Lopez.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference. Deans James
Gibbs and Larry Horton on
Stan ford-in-Stanford
proposal.
