# "FEG" MURRAY VISITS PARENTS IN PALO ALTO
## 
### 
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
Frederick S. ("Feg") Murray, 'IG, j
with his wife and three children, is i
visiting his parents, Professor and;
Mrs. A. T. Murray, at their home in
Palo Alto.
"Feg" Murray is the author and
artist of the "Sports of 1027" series
running in the Daily, and is sport
cartoonist for the Metropolitan News
paper Service of New York and for j
the New York Evening Sun. His wife, j
who was Miss Dorothy Hanna, is a j
Stanford graduate and a member of |
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Mr. and Mrs. !
Murray are staying in Palo Alto until
after the Big Game.
