# Roth to Give Second Talk Of Informal Hour Series
## 
### 
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
Second of the series of informal
hours sponsored by the Frosh "Y" will
be held in the Encina lobby at 6:45
o'clock next Sunday evening. A. E.
Roth, Comptroller of the University,
will speak on the early history of
Stanford, old land-marks, and the re
sults of the earthquake of 190(1. Mr.
Roth will wind up his talk with a
brief discussion of the Stanford tradi
tions that are really worth while.
