# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
For the information of those who
wished to hear Judge Ben Lindsey
speak in this vicinity and for those
who were aware of the move being
made to bring him to Palo Alto it is
well to point out that word has just
been received from Lindsey to the
effect that a full program makes it
impossible for him to come here this
trip.
Before he left this part of the state
for Los Angeles it was thought that
bis program might allow for a lecture
in Palo Alto. With that in view pre
liminary arrangements were made for
such a lecture.
Judge Lindsey has written that he
may be in California in January or
February. If such is the case, every
effort will be made to bring him to
Palo Alto for the benefit of University
students who wish to hear him.
■—Barbara Dewlaney.
