# CAP AND GOWN ASKS FOR CONTRIBUTIONS OF BOOKSTORE TAGS
## 
### 
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
Contributions to the Women's Club
house fund, by means of Bookstore
receipts, have been requested by Cap
and Gown, honorary women's society,
announces Aileen Brown, president.
Receipts are to be deposited in the
box at the left of the main entrance
of the Bookstore. The money re
ceived from the coupons, previously
used in paying off the Clubhouse debt,
will be employed to meet current ex
penses.
