# STANFORD MEN HAVE TECHNICAL ARTICLE IN OIL FIELD MAGAZINE
## 
### 
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
Welton J. Crook, professor of metal
lurgy, and Frederick G. Tickell, pro
fessor of petroleum engineering at
Stanford University, are the co-au
thors of a lengthy article appearing
in the November issue of the Oil Field
Engineering Magazine.
The article, titled "The Heat Treat
ment of Oil Well Casing," deals large
ly with recent improvements in cas
ings, and explains Professor Crook's
patented process for treating casing
pipe steel to prevent its collapse.
This process strengthens the steel to
such an extent that it increases its
resistance more than sixty per cent.
