# Deadline for Exam Petitions Is Feb. 27
## 
### 
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
Deadline for filing petitions to
change final examination sched
ule is Feb. 27.
Students who have three exams
scheduled for the same day or two
for the same time are eligible to
file.
Petitions may be obtained from
Mrs. Knowles, Room 111-R, Reg
istrar's Office.
