# Tickets Sell Today For Soph Cotillion
## 
### 
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
Ticket sales continue today for
the Sophomore Cotillion, to be
held March 2 at the Sir Francis
Drake Hotel in San Francisco.
Jerry Diamond's orchestra will
play for the annual event, which
will be from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. The
Wagon Wheel Singers from the
hungry i in San Francisco will
also entertain.
Tickets are $2,2.3 with a sopho
more class card and $2.75 without.
They may be purchased in front
of the Post Office or at Engineer
ing Corner.
