# Reds Denounce Stalin-Era Errors
## 
### 
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
MOSCOW. Feb. 2(1 (UP) The
Communist party congress gave
unanimous approval today to Ni
kita S. Khrushchev's new blue
print for Communism denouncing
one-man rule errors of the Stalin
ist past.
Delegates voted approval by a
show of hands of the revolution
ary new proonuneements made by
party leader Khrushchev in his
keynote speech last week and em
bodied in reports of the Commu
nist Central Committee.
