# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
RADiO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
We repair ail makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA 6138
