# Tuesday Evening Series Will Feature Lecture on Theater
## 
### 
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
The first Tuesday Evening Series
program tomorrow night will be a
lecture, "The Contemporary Ameri
can Theater," by George Freedley.
It will be held in Memorial Hall at
7:30 p.m.
Freedley is curator of the Theater
Collection of the New York Public
Library.
He has edited and co-authored
several books on the theater, in
cluding "Theater Collections in Li
braries and Museums," "Theater
Handbook and Digest of Plays,"
"Theatrical Designs from the Ba
roque through Neoclassicism," and
"A History of the Theater."
CRITIC CIRCLE
Freedley is an officer of the New
York Drama Critics Circle, the Na
tional Entertainment Industrial
Council, and is on the board of di
rectors of the National Board of Re
view of Motion Pictures.
In addition, he is president of the

Theater Library Association, and
executive secretary of the Societe
Universelle du Theatre.
The theater has been an absorbing
interest to FreedJey since his early
youth. Since 1928. when he went to
New York City, he has seen almost
every play on Broadway.
STUDIED AT YALE
Following his graduation from the
University of Richmond, he took a
postgraduate course in the Depart
ment of Drama at Yale University,
where he was a student of George
Pierce Baker.
In 1928 he became stage manager,
play reader, and production assist
ant for the Theater Guild and other
managements.
In 1931 he began working on the
valuable histrionic material which
became the famous Theater Collec
tion of the New York Public Li
brary.
