# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
Soiled spots on wallpaper can be
removed with clean blotting paper
and a hot iron.
