# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
Professor Virgil Whitaker and
Professor Francis R. Johnson at
tended a conference on Renaissance
studies at the Huntington Library
in San Marino.
