# Reporters Needed For Summer Daily
## 
### 
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
Do you want to see "Inside j
Stanford"? Want to meet the big
wheels, cover sports, plays, or
movies, interview campus charac
ters. learn something about news
writing, or just have a good ac
tivity for the summer? The Daily j
needs anyone willing to give a few
hours each week.
All those interested in joining i
the Daily slalT are invited to come
into the shack (on Lomita Drive
next to the University Press) to
morrow at 2 p.m.
