# McBain Gets Chem Honors
## 
### 
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
A tribute to Dr. James W. Mc-
Bain, who is retiring Aug. 31 as
professor of chemistry at Stanford,
marked the closing of the 21st Na
tional Colloid Symposium on the
campus Friday.
Dr. Ernest A. Hauser of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology,
in addressing the closing assembly,
said Dr. Mcßain had enormously
advanced colloid chemistry, and he
asked his colleagues to fight for a
continuation and extension of that
branch of learning and research in
the universities.
"Dr. Mcßain," he said, "was in
ternationally known even before he
came to this university, and since
his coming he has added greatly to
his achievements in the field."
Hauser said Dr. Mcßain's publica
tions number 325, and counting col
laboration with others, more than
400.
The Colloid Symposium was to
have been held in Cambridge, Mass.,
this year but was brought to Stan
ford, Hauser said, as a mark of trib
ute to Dr. Mcßain.
In a brief farewell word, Dr. Mc-
Bain thanked Dr. Hauser and the
members of the symposium and said
it had been a pleasure to be asso
ciated with "such a wide-awake,
cheerful group."
