# SPORT SLANTS
## 
### 
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
MOSCRIP BACK
ON FARM

"Monk" lOloscrip, Stanford's All-Amer
ican end, is back on the farm. "Monk"
is working for the B.A.C. and seems to
be in great shape.

EAGLES AND
ELKS TIE

The Legal Eagles and the Palo Alto
Elks played a 2-2 tie before a record
crowd Monday night. The Elks scored
their two runs in the first inning, and
it looked bad for the Eagles at this
point. The Eagles scored one run in
the second and one in the third which
ended all the scoring for the evening.
The Eagles and Elks are still tied for
the league leadership.

ALABAMA COACH
WINS

Frank Thomas, coach of the Alabama
Crimson Tide that swept over Stanford
in (he Rose Bowl game, was named to
head the College All-Star team which
meets the Chicago Bears August 29.

LYMAN AND BRIGHT
WIN IN SWITZERLAND

John Lyman and Norman Bright, re
cent Stanford students, aided an Amer
ican track team in Basle, Switzerland,
to win 12 out of 13 events. Lyman won
the shot-put with a toss of 50 feet, 5
inches, while Bright won the 1500-
meter run in 4:02.4.

VARSITY MEN
WRITE TO TINY

Tiny Thornhill has been receiving a
great many letters from members of
the varsity lately. Among the recent
batch was word from Bob Grayson
stating he is raring to get back.
