# P. A. A. President Visits Campus.
## 
### 
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
President Peixotto, of the Pacific
Athletic Association, visited the
Campus today and held a conference
with several members of the Board
of Governors of the Interscholastic
Association. He stated the attitude
of the P. A. A. toward amateur ath
letics on the Coast at present, and
the future relations between the P.
A. A. and the Stanford Interscholas
tic Association will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Board of
Governors.
