# Palo Alto Club Vacates Quarters.
## 
### 
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
Through lack of proper support on
the part of the students living in Pa
lo Alto, it was found necessary for
the Stanford Club of Palo Alto to
give up their club room in the Sim
kins building. It was deemed advis
able to vacate immediately, because
in so doing the club would be left
free from debt.
Although the club is now left, with
out a meeting place, it still retains
its organization and at some future
time may again establish quarters.
