# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
Men's Rest Home — John Miller,
Richard Baldwinson, Thomas Snod
grass.
Palo Aito Hospital — Thomas Ja
cobs.
