# GIRL SCOUT COURSE
## 
### 
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
The School of Education is offer
ing a course in Girl Scout Training
and group leadership open to women
of both undergraduate and graduate
levels. *
