# Debating Plans.
## 
### 
It is possible that Stanford may
debate with the University of
Washington this year, and rela
tions may be established that will
provide for a debate between the
two institutions annually. At a
meeting of the Inter-society Debat
ing League, held this afternoon in
room 10 quad, it was decided to
open* negotiations with Washing
ton for a debate.
The League also expressed itself
favorable to a change in the plan
of holding the Carnot debate. As
it is, the debate is practically im
promptu, the contestants not know
ing which side they are to discuss
until the debate conies off. The
League desires that the contestants
be assigned sides a month before
the debate, as they are in the inter
collegiate. This change is also
said to be favored by those of the
faculty who are interested in de
bating.
