# Broker Faces Fine Or Imprisonment
## 
### 
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
FORT ERIE, Out., Nov. 6 (UP). —
Russell G. MacMillan, 42, Toronto
broker, tonight faced the alternatives
of paying a $1,000 line or serving
eight months in prison after pleading
guilty to violating the foreign ex
change provisions of Canada's War
Measures Act.
