# DRIVES HOME LAST RIVET
## 
### 

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.

JOHN I). ROCKEFELLER. JR.. puts in the last rivet, one of silver
alloy, in ceremony marking the completion of the 14th and final
building of Rockefeller Center in New York City. The complete
building project extended over eight years.
