# Toy on Plans Open Dance Saturday
## 
### 
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
To celebrate on the campus either
a win or a loss in the U.S.C. game
at Los Angeles this Saturday, Toyon
and Branncr Halls will sponsor a
free dance open to the entire stu
dent body.
With Don Schary and his 11-piece
orchestra providing the musical
background, the dance will be held
from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Toyon
Hall lobby. The popular Bay Cities
maestro will entertain with a vocal
ist and with his special violin sec
tion consisting of three talented
girls.
Dance Chairman Bob Einstein
emphasized the fact, that everyone
on the campus is invifed to attend,
with a particular invitation being
extended to freshmen. Refreshments
will be served.
