# Red Cross Blood Bank Will Come to Palo Alto
## 
### 
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
The mobile blood bank will be at
Palo Alto's Community Center on
Wednesday, July 18.
Parental release slips, necessary
for donors under 21, will be distrib
uted in front of the Cellar Friday.
Sign-ups will be held July 11 and
12.
Bob Swetzer is in charge of blood
donor recruitment during the sum
mer.
