# FELLER PITCHES NO-HITTER
## 
### 
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
The big news in the majors was
Bob Feller's no - hit game hurled
against Detroit Sunday. The Cleve
land right-hander now has three
no-hitters while in the big time.
This is a new modern baseball rec
ord.
In the National League, Russ
Meyers of Philadelphia was robbed
ot a no-hitter when Brooklyn's Pee
Wee Reese got a triple to drive in
two Dodger runs to secure a 2 to 0
Dodger win, despite Meyers' one
hit efTort.
