# STERN OFFICERS
## 
### 
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
Stern Hall Excom elected the fol
lowing officers at last Thursday's
meeting: Stan Blumcnthal, presi
dent; Ken Langendorf, social chair
man; and Arnold Rummelsburg,
secretary. Bill Richards was ap
pointed business manager for the
quarter.
