# Holiday Notices
## WOMEN'S POOL 
### 
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
The women's pool will be open
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. Stan
ford students, faculty, and guests
may use the facilities. Men may
swim only as a guest of a Stanford
woman, and faculty children will
be allowed in the pool from 2 to 3
only.
Open hours during the week for
women only are:
Monday and Tuesday—3-4, 5-5:45
Wednesday—2-4, 5-5:45
Thursday—3-S
