# Nautical Movie To Be Shown
## Capt. Tompkins To Speak Tuesday 
### 
Conqueror of 23,000 sea miles from
Massachusetts to San Francisco via
Cape Horn, Captain Warwick M.
Tompkins will present a six-reel
motion picture record of His unique
voyage tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall auditorium when he speaks on
a program of the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Refitting and repairing his vessel,
"The Wander Bird," in 1936 Captain
Tompkins, his wife, six-year-old
daughter, and four-year-old son
sailed 23,000 miles through head
winds of gale and hurricane force,
adverse currents and discouraging
calms, from Gloucester, Mass., to
San Francisco,
The speaker will complement the
motion picture with a lecture in
narrative form, according to the
Committee on Public Exercises, in
charge of the program.

Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Strong of
Acton, England, received a telegram
of congratulations from the king and
queen when they celebrated their
diamond wedding anniversary.
