# ‘No Rain, No Lake’—Masters
## 
### 
Rain excluded, there will be
no possible way of obtaining
Ihe necessary water to raise
Lake Lagunita, according to a
statement made last night by
A1 Masters, graduate manager.
It had been suggested that a
diversion dam be built across
San Francisquito Creek to pro
vide the necessary water to
bring the lake up to its ordi
nary level.
Members of the Boathouse
crew prophesied that the foot
a-week drop of the water level
will permit canoeing possibly
until the end of April. With
the water down to the 28-foot
mark, canoeing will be impos
sible, they said. Swimming,
however, will be continued.
