# Ku Klux Klan Problem To Be Debated by Nestorians
## 
### 
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
Scandals still crowd the front page of
our metropolitan dailies; authenticated
crimes still rage, yet the Ku Klux Klan
continues in its existence. Persons are
flogged, tarred, and feathered. What is
this organization which pursues its vic
times so relentlessly? How does it get
that way ? Why does the Ku Klux Klan?
Nestoria Debating Society will thrash
the matter out at its regular meeting to
morrow night in Room 12 of the Law
building. All who arc interested arc in
vited to attend.
