# MEDICAL GRADUATES ORGANIZE TO FORM ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
The graduates of the Stanford Med
ical School have organized themselves
into the Alumni Association of the
Stanford Medical School, the purpose
as announced in their constitution be
ing "to promote the interests of the?
Stanford Medical School, to secure
unity among its graduates and to aid
and assist in the forward progress of
its school wherever possible."
Included in the membership of the
new association are the graduates of
the Cooper Medical College, which, in
1912, was amalgamated with Stanford
University and became its medical de
partment. Hitherto graduates of the
Medical School have been eligible for
membership iij the general Stanford
Alumni Association but have not had
their own separate alumni organiza
tion. The constitution of the Alumni
Association of the Medical School is
modeled on that of the general associa
tion and the two organizations will
work harmoniously for the good of the
University.
Provision is made in the new asso
ciation for an Advisory Board to con
sult with graduates, students and fac
ulty of the Medical School and trus
tees of the University, and to make
recommendations regarding the wel
fare of the Medical School and its clin
ics.
