# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
jl According to five
unsolicited testimonials ||
f| for which we
|| paid good money,
|j the best sale in
the world is the
H Roos January Sale
Hi • si
| now in progress.
I 1
II ■
; i ; '
Ii
1
