# VILLAGE COUNCIL MEETS
## 
### 
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
Village Council will hold its reg
ular meeting tonight at 7 in Coun
selor Herbert Wunderlich's office.
Business under discussion will in
clude an amendment to allow sub
stitute representatives at meetings,
election of a junior class Village
veteran representative on Excom,
the opening of the Village chapel,
and extension of study hours. All
Villagers are invited to attend and
participate in the discussions.
