# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch

BOB HELLER AND ILLIE COSTIGAN investigating the control
hoard in (lie Memorial Hall for broadcasting possibilities.
—Photo by Phil Welch
