# CHAPLAIN TO SPEAK
## 
### 
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
All Stanford students may hear
visiting Chaplain George J. Hall
speak at a meeting of the college
young people's group of the Palo
Alto Presbyterian Church Sunday
evening at 7:30.
