# Stanford Band to Play At Paly High Friday
## 
### 
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
Stanford's 80-piece band will give
a concert at 2 p.m. Friday in the
Palo Alto Hivh School amphithea
ter, announced Julius E. Shucat,
bmd director.
The public is invited to the first
formal concert the band has given
since 1943.
