# Last Day to Sign For Carnival Booths
## 
### 
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
Today is (lie last day to turn in
blanks at the A.S.S.U. office for
booths in the Soph Carnival, ac
cording to Kob Leefeldt and llap
Mark, co-chairmen of the Car
nival.
Groups which have not received
blanks may get them at the A.S.-
S.U. office. The committee will
build the booth frames and allows
$5 expenses. Each group fur
nishes decorations, equipment,
and prizes.
