# 'France' Is I.D.G. Topic
## 
### 
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
"France Today" will be the topic
discussed at the International Dis
cussion Group tonight at 7 at Rus
sell House.
Speakers for the evening include
Josie de St. Blanquat, Lawrence
Grannis, and Bill Farrer.

Miss St. Blanquat comes from
France where she was a student at
the Sorbonne and was active in the
underground resistance during the
war. She recently transferred to
Stanford from Mt. Holyoke College
where she attended on a French
government scholarship.
Lawrence Grannis is a Phi Beta
Kappa, a member of the champion
debating squad that toured the
country a few years ago, and is now
in law school. Grannis will travel
to France this summer if the I.S.C.
is approved this week. He will an
swer any questions about his pro
posed visit to France.
Bill Farrer was student body
president of U.C.L.A. in 1942-43,
chairman of the College Groups for
Warren in l£4fi, aide-de-camp for
the commanding general of the 33rd
Division in the Philippines, and has
conducted tours for Secretary of
War Patterson, the House Naval Af
fairs Committee, and a Russian mis
sion in Japan. Farrer is also a law
student.


LAWRENCE <;RANNIS
