# Organizations May Get Activity Info
## 
### 
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
Any organization wanting infor- I
mation from Activity Files should
contact Jean Strong at Russell, Gor
don Johnson at the Village, or Cain
Sanders at Durand, advised John
j son, co-chairman of the Files. Ac

1 tivity Files Committee is awaiting
! action of the student government
for the procurement of an office.
Students have worked at sorting
activity cards all last week and the
job is nearly completed, said John
son.
