# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
Station KSU, frequency 590,
now broadcasting 7 to 11 p.m.
