# Paid Ad Jobs Open In Daily Biz Office
## 
### 
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
Two paid positions, assistant
regional advertising managers,
are now open on the Daily busi
ness staff, announced Angclo
Mountanos, business manager.
Students to fill the positions
will be chosen from those who
apply within the next ten days.
Application can be made at
the Daily Shack from 1 to I in
the afternoon. Experience is not
necessarily needed for the job.
