# KSU Calls For Biz Staff
## 
### 
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
Advertising and business staff
tryouts for radio station KSU will
be held Friday afternoon from 4 to
5 p.m. in room 8 of the Journalism
Building, Bob Peck announced to
day.
All students interested in selling
advertising, writing advertising
copy, or gaining business experi
ence should turn out for this meet
ing.
With the station just beginning,
many good positions on the adver
tising staff arc open. Only the ad
vertising director has been ap
pointed. After the meeting Friday
several more appointments will be
announced from among the try
outees.
Students interested in gaining ad
vertising experience are urged to
attend this meeting. Anybody who
cannot attend the meeting should
contact Bob Peck at P.A. 2-3971
Wednesday or Thursday afternoon
between 3 and 55.
