# Winterland Scene Of Annual Ski Ball
## 
### 
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
Following a winter theme, the
Second Annual Skiers' Ball will be
held on Jan. 17 at the Oakland
Scottish Rite Temple. The Oakland
Ski Club has invited Stanford ski
enthusiasts to the dance in after
ski clothes or informal wear.
