# Building Plan Changes Names
## 
### 
Due to the forthcoming com
pletion of the Memorial Hall
opposite the Art Gallery, the
following changes of official
designation have been an
nounced by Director of the
Summer Quarter Eliot Mears:
The old Little Theater on the
Inner Quad will be simply
known as "Room 100." The
Assembly Hall next to the Ad
ministration Building is being
remade into classrooms for the
School of Business. The new
Memorial Hall will contain both
the new Auditorium and the
new Little Theater. The Law
rence Frost Memorial Amphi
theater in the rear of the Me
morial Hall will be known as
the "Amphitheater."
