# Men To Be Allowed In Women's Pool
## 
### 
Women enrolled in any of the
Stanford summer quarter swim
classes can: dip every Sunday after
noon from 2:30 to 4 with a boy
friend â€” free, or, every week-day
afternoon at 4, also free, but with
out the boy friend.
This is part of an extensive sum
mer school pool schedule offered in
addition to regular classes, Mrs.
Mildred Vishoot, secretary of the
women's physical education depart
ment, announced yesterday. Instruc
tion, to be conducted by Miss Sue
Manchee, includes faculty and Palo
Altans' class Monday, Wednesday
and Friday at 10, and a children's
course Wednesday. Elementary, in
termediate, and advanced swimming
are taught.
The U.S. Coast Guard annually
saves about $40,000,000 worth of
vessels and cargo, with their 20,000
passengers and crews, and actually
pulls from the water about 3,000
drowning persons.
