# Campus Actress
## 
### 

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."

Phyllis Lakin, star of "Lady
Precious Stream" last spring, who
has been chosen to take the part
of Maria in the drama festival of
"Twelfth Night."
