# S.U.N. Rises
## 
### 

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.

Discussing everything from foreign policy to economic
issues, Kritisli Consulate General .Air. Trevor Gutty and
more-than 15 other foreign consuls met with delegates to
the Stanford United Nations at a reception in Tresidder.
This gathering was the first formal function of S.U.N.
