# J.B. Heywood.
## 
### 
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
Mr. J. H. Heywood, who has
been critically ill for several
months, died this morning at his
home in Palo Alto. Mr. Heywood
was formerly a resident of Annap
olis. For twenty years he was one
of the most prominent and re
spected business men in Indiana,
being state manager for the Mc-
Cormick Harvesting Co. Mr. Hey
wood was known to many of the
Stanford students through his
daughter, Miss Florence Hevwood,
'02.
