# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
Registration of Voters. —The
Great Register of Santa Clara
county will be closed Sept. 24,
1902. Those who have not regis
tered can find ine at the Law
library from 1:30 to 2:30 daily.
Arthur Free,
Deputy County Clerk.
