# Adv. 30 Page 5
## 
### 
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
BASKETBALL MANAGER
Those interested in working as
a student manager with the var
sity and freshman basketball
teams this year should contact
either coach Howie Dallmar in
the BAC or Larry Mornin at
Stern, X-243.
