# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
i
Louis IV was the
Sun King, so say the
History majors, and
they know history!
We know history, too,
pants history! And
we know pants! We
know that our new
combed cotton
gabardines for just
6.95 are the greatest
pants value in town.
In tan or olive at
R A on Bancroft.
■
■
■
■
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
