# Hospital Seeks Student Workers
## 
### 
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
Students desiring activity credit
points may got them by doing vol
unteer work for the Palo Alto-
Stanford Hospital Center Auxili
ary.
The auxiliary performs many
services involving patient care
such as helping with admitting
and discharging patients, working
in pediatrics, escorting patients
throughout the hospital, and do
ing clerical work.
Volunteers also run the gift
shop and take a shopping and a
refreshments cart to the patients’
rooms. Other services are also in
need of volunteer help and would
be open to Stanford students.
Students interested in this may
call the Auxiliary Office or the
Hospital Center, DA 1-1200, Ext.
5103, for membership in the auxil
iary and a volunteer work applica
tion. Dr. David Regnery is the
faculty advisor for this activity.
