# ON OTHER CAMPI
## Are Farm Students Smarter Than Those at Other Schools? 
### CARL OLIVER Exchange Editor 
Are Stanford students smarter
than their fellows at other
schools?
Events at colleges across the na
tion raise the question one well
worth pondering.
U.S. Naval Academy midship
men learned that Navy Vice Adm.
Hyman C. Kickover told congress
men Annapolis students “stop
thinking and studying” after grad
uation.
“ONCE they get out,” Kickover
said, “their mental growth comes
to an end. They putter around the
house, repair cars and build fur
niture; they do little to improve
themselves. They become ‘nest
builders’ and ‘bird hatchers.’ ”
The University of Kansas an
nounced a new course, “Women
in Contemporary Culture.”
Prof. Muriel Johnson says, “The
purpose of the course is to help
the college woman think what her
life will be in the future so she
can face it more realistically.”
Questions the course “hopes to
answer” include: What is the
American woman’s life after col
lege, graduation or marriage?
What social pressures face her?
Why is so much being written
about her “problems” today?
What preparation does she have
for her actual life pattern? Why
does she wonder who she is and
“if she inhabits her home?”
PERHAPS the influence of
Stanford’s Legislature, which
steadfastly refuses to act on off
campus issues, led University of
California (including all its
branches) President Clark Kerr to
announce a new policy ruling
which the UC Daily Californian
says “prohibits the Executive
Committee from taking stands
representing the student body on
off-campus issues.”
The Daily Cal adds, “This pro
hibition is excellent because the
members of the Committee do not
run for office on platforms con
cerned with ‘off-campus’ issues.
Therefore they cannot justifiably
represent the opinions of the stu

dent body.”
At UCLA, also hit by the Kerr
ruling, the Daily Bruin editorial
ized, “The governing of the as
sociated students, a compulsory
membership organization, re
quires that student leaders do not
speak on issues which are not
within their area of competence.”
THE NATIONAL Student Asso
ciation - which Stanford’s legis
lature has refused to join held
its 14th annual “congress” at the
University of Wisconsin in Au
gust.
Claiming to represent more
than one million students at 388
U.S. colleges, the association: con
demned the House Committee on
Un-American Activities and re
quested abolition of the commit
tee; condemned the Cuban gov
ernment on grounds that it is in
hibiting academic freedom and
denying university autonomy:
and “deplored” the parental atti
tudes “reportedly” taken by many
educational institutions in rela
tion to students.
The Pepperdine College (Los
Angeles) newspaper reports, “The
freshmen have shown us little if
anything in the way of school
spirit or class spirit . . . they were
made to feel welcome, but their
verve, if any, did not radiate so
that it was evident to the upper
classmen.”
Elsewhere in the Pepperdine
paper a freshman writes of her
“welcome” to the university; a
beanie, 3 a.m. (cold) showers,
cracker crumbs in bed and knotted
sheets.
LAST, ftut hardly least, Cal’s
Daily Californian charges that
“Stanford junior prep school”
lawn bowlers swiped the “Meat
Axe” from a UC trophy case.
According to the Daily Cal, the
theft of the historic symbol of vic
tory awarded annually to the
lawn bowling winner in the Berke
ly-Palo Alto meet made the presi
dent of Cal’s lawn bowlers, Phil
McCombs, become “mad but not
worried.”
McCombs reportedly plans to
steal the Meat Axe back.
