# A-Phi-O's Plan Open House
## 
### 
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
Freshman men interested
in Alpha Phi Omega, the na
tional service fraternity, may
seek membership at the Bow
man Alumni House open
house Sunday from 1 to 3
p.m.
Members of the Stanford
chapter have spent the past
week working with the Pre-
Reg Committee in adminis
tering freshman exams, car
rying luggage, serving at
the Freshman Picnic and at
registration.
This group, composed of
former boy scouts, now will
return to regular projects
such as book exchanges, ush
ering at Memorial Auditori
um performances and main
taining campus bulletin
boards.
Proceeds from their maga
zine sales go for a half-tui
tion scholarship given annu
ally to a member.
