# STANFORD STUDENTS TAKE LOCAL CENSUS
## 
### 
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
Six Stanford students under the
supervision of the Political Science
department and the health department
and the chamber of commerce of Palo
Alto started the compilation today of
data for the census of Palo Alto. The
population has been estimated at be
tween 7450 and 10,500.
The work of taking the census is
progressing under the guidance of Guy
Miller and Leonard H. Brown, enumer
ators of the 1910 census. Each student
has been given a sixth of the resi
dences in the city to visit. A week to
ten days was the amount of time esti
mated as being necessary to carry on
the work.
The data being gathered by the cen
sus takers includes not only the name,
age, color, and sex of the residents,
but also the place of birth, whether
the resident has been naturalized,
whether a commuter, the occupation,
and education.
