# DR. BARROW, QUARTET ON RADIO PROGRAM
## 
### 
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
Dr. William H. Barrow, Medical Ad
viser of Men, will speak over radio
station KPO at 8 o'clock tomorrow
night. On the same program with Dr.
Barrow a quartet from the Glee Club
will be heard in a concert of five num
bers.
"The Situation in Intercollegiate
Athletics" will be the subject of Dr.
Barrow's talk, and he will speak with
special reference to the conditions in
the Pacific Coast Conference.
The Glee Club quartet, consisting of
C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor; Leslie
E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carlton E.
Byrne, first bass; Pierce E. Warring
ton, second bass, will sing "Adoramus
Te," a composition of Palestrina, and
"Music When Soft Voices Die," a song
written by Shelly.
The quartet will conclude the studio
program at 9:50 by rendering "Shadow
March," "Eight Bells," and "Old Man
Noah."
