# Untitled Article
## 
### 

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.

This is the Sunbeam dance that got Miss Buggy's picture in the
paper. The one on the right is her room-mate, who takes the part
of the freckle.
