# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

Tigers on the prowl
Card sluggers meet the
UOP Tigers in Sunken
Diamond at 2 p.m.
Page 11

I'm a Paly Girl
and I'm OK — sterotypes
about Paly High females
abound on Farm.
Page 7

- Stressed-out?
Type A behavior linked
to childhood, according
to researchers here.
Page 8

