# PROP85
## 
### 
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
Continued from page 6
women oppose Proposition 85. in
cluding national medical associa
tions like the American Medical As
sociation. the American Academy
of Family Physicians, the American
Academy of Pediatrics, the Ameri
can College of Obstetricians and
(iynecologists. the Society for Ado
lescent Medicine of Northern and
Southern California and the Na
tional Medical Association just to
name a few.
Please join me, along with other
medical students and physicians, in
voting no on Proposition 85. Your
friends, sisters and daughters are
depending on you.

Tessa Andermann and Peter Simons
tire co-presidents of Stanford Medical
Students for Choice. They can be
readied at tessaa@stanford.edu and
peter.sinum@stanford.edu
