# Adv. 12 Page 6
## 
### 
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
Once around the
Quad announcements
are run as a public service
by the Daily only for
events which are free and
open to the public. An
nouncements may be
placed at the Daily office.
