# Correction
## 
### 
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
An article in Tuesday's Daily
incorrectly identified Larry Bosch
as an engineer. Bosch is not an
engineer, but calls himself an in
ventor. Also, the beam described
in the article is not made from
balsa wood, fiberglass and tape
but is built from common lum
beryard material.
