# Sprague signs with Toronto
## 
### 
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
It's official, Ed Sprague has
signed with the Toronto Blue
Jays.
Picked in the first round, the
6-foot-2, 190 pound junior third
baseman surprised no one by com
ing to terms with the Blue Jays
on Wednesday.
Sprague batted .339 this season
with 22 home runs and 81 runs

batted in. In three years at Stan
ford, Sprague batted .330 with 41
homers and 178 RBIs in just 186
games. He is Stanford's second
all-time leader in home runs.
Sprague is currently touring
Japan with the U.S. Olympic
baseball team. The team presently
has 25 players, 20 of whom will
go to Seoul.
