# Physiologist in Chicago
## 
### 
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
Dr. Jefi'er on M. Crismon, head of
the Stanford Physiology Depart
ment, left for Chicago yesterday to
atteni meetings of the Research
Committee of the American Heart
Association.
