# Engineers Given Job Opportunities
## 
### 
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
Students interested in interviews
with a representative from the Con
tainer Corporation of j\merica
should sign up at the Placement
Service toaay. Engineering back
ground is preferred. These positions
lead to opportunities in plant man
agement. Interviews will be held to
morrow.
A member of the Naval Research
Laboratory, Washington, D.C., will
be on campus tomorrow to talk with
students graduating in December,
March, and June. Men interested in
research in physics, electronics,
electrical and mechanical engineer
ing should sign up at. the Placement
Service today.
Sophomore and junior students in
civil, mechanical, or electrical engi
neering who are interested in sum
mer work in California and Oregon
with the Bureau of Reclamation
should check with the Student Em
ployment Office as soon as possible.
