# St. Mary's Loses Star Players.
## 
### 
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
Captain Guigni and pitcher Glaven
ich of the St. Mary's Phoenix team
have been suspended for one month
by the faculty of that college.
