# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
Yale has offered Howard Jones
$6,000 for his ns football
coa: h season.
