# ARCHIE BINNS
## 
### 

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."

He graduated in a post office, and
returns a winner, potentially of the
Pulitzer Prize for next year, actu
ally of bookmen's plaudits for his
new novel, "The Laurels Arc Cut
Down."
