# WHITE HOUSE GUEST
## 
### 

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.

Senor Ilarmodio Arias, president
elect of Panama, who has .lust been
entertained at the White House and
also by many'of his old friends in
Washington.
