# Posters for "Hamlet."
## 
### 
The posters for the Ben Greet
production of '"Hamlet" were put
on the quad to-night. The design
is the most striking of any that
has appeared for some time. The
figures are of Hamlet and Horatio,
the features of each being brought
out in a striking manner. The de
sign is the work of Miss M. A.
Rose, '05. Copies will be placed
on sale at the Bookstore to morrow,
price 25 cents. As announced Fri
day, seats for the Greet play may
be reserved to-morrow morning, be
ginning at 9 o'clock, at the Book
store on the campus, the Stanford
Pharmacy in Palo Alto, or the Cur
taz music store in Han Jose. This
afternoon at 3:30 there was a full
rehearsal of the students who are
to participate in the cast, under
the direction of Mr. McEntree, Mr.
Greet's stage manager.
