# Reception to Faculty.
## 
### 
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
President, and Mrs. Jordan will
he at home to members of the
fuculty and their friends on Fri
day evening of this week.
