# Professor Whittier Is Improved
## 
### 
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
School, who has been ill with influ
enza, is considerably improved and
will probably resume his classes Wed
nesday.
