# FRESHMAN-SOPHOMORE DEBATERS TO TRY OUT
## 
### 
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
Coach M. L. McClintock announces
that tryouts for the annual freshman
sophomore debate will he held Thurs
day and Friday afternoons of this
"week on the question, "Resolved, that
the Shcppard Amendment should be
passed by the California Legislature."
Freshmen will report at 2:30 p.m.
Thursday, prepared to make a main
speech of five minutes, and three min
utes refutation. Sophomores will try
out at the same time on the following
day.
McClintock is particularly anxious
that a large number appear at these
tryouts, as he believes that opportuni
ties for new men in forensic work will
be exceptionally great this year.
