# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In recent talks and addresses, the
Reverend D. Charles Gardner has
dealt more or less exhaustively with a
conditipn of affairs at Stanford, which
he has branded as a lack of interest in
things spiritual. From inferences that
have already arisen from these talks,
it would seem that there were but six
men from Encina and even less from
the Row who are church goers, or who
support any institution of this nature.
This is an unjust accusation to make,
as this condition applies only to the
University Chapel and does not include
those students who are faithful mem
bers of church organizations in Palo
Alto or some other neighboring city.
The natural inference gained from the
above accusations brands Stanford as a
community absolutely without respect
for these institutions, which is in itself
very unjustifiable and untrue. The
statements have been made by Dr.
Gardner in an endeavor to further
the interests of a vital institution in
the University community and is a
commendable effort upon his part, but
in his presentation of his case, the
Chaplain has not made this point clear.
We therefore take issue with him upon
that ground, and sincerely hope that
the above mentioned inference will not
erroneously be put before the outside
world where the existing condition of
affairs is not understood.
