# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
Professor L. J. Martin of the Psy
chology department lias been invited
to speak before a general meeting of
the College Equal Suffrage League at
the Palace Hotel next Saturday, Oct
ober 18. Representatives of both Stan
ford and California will be present and
a general business and social meeting
will be held. Professor Martin will
speak on matters of general interest to
the society.
