# BASE BALL TEAM WITHOUT HEAD.
## Outlook for Fall Practice is Gloomy Because No Official Announcement is Made. 
### 
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
Whether there is to be any fall base
ball practice Ibis year is a question
that will remain unanswered unless
the members of last year's Varsity
squad take the initiative and issue a
call for fall work on their own re
sponsibility. H. E. Reed, '10, who was
chosen to captain this year's team
failed to return to college this semes
ter, and whether he will register
Christmas is not as yet definitely
known.
Now that this sport has been pro
hibited from having any professional
coaching, Coach Presley has nothing
whatever to say in regard to the train
ing of the team, and consequently
official authority regarding the base
ball team is lacking.
Members of last year's squad when
interviewed regarding the outlook for
fall practice, declared this afternoon
that no one on the squad had any
authority to issue a call for practice,
and they did not know of any one who
had.
