# DR. GARDNER SCORES STANFORD STUDENTS
## Addresses Encina Club on Subject of Light Attendance at Chapel Services. 
### 
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
Dr. D. Charles Gardner talked to the
men of Encina last evening in regard
to attending chapel. Dr. Gardner
dwelt at length upon the small atten
dance at the chapel services and ex
pressed the desire that the present
condition would be remedied. Hs said
in part:
"The chapel is a University organi
zation and as such, should be support
ed by the men of Stanford. Stanford
boasts 'of its unified spirit and this
spirit means the supporting of Stan
ford organizations. The chapel has the
best influence of any organization, but
receives the least support.
"University students are apt to crit
icize and doubt the religion, but the
greatest men of the country attend
church services. It is the tendency
here to laugh at the man who attends
church, yet P. C. Gilman one of the
most famous of Stanford's graduates,
never missed a Sunday service while
attending the University. At the pres
ent time there are not six Encina men
present at the Sunday Chapel service."
