# Drafted Men May Enter Ambulance Units at U. C.
## 
### 
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
The military bureau of the Uni
versity of California has announced
that drafted men and those subject
to the draft will be allowed to enter
the service with the Allentown am
bulance units, if they wish. Only men
above or below the draft age have
been granted this opportunity hereto
fore. Those who are interested may
make application at the military bu
reau in Room 114, California Hall,
Berkeley.
