# 6100 Yale Men in Service
## 
### 
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
Yale has GlOO men in the allied
service, according to a recent report
published in the Yale Alumni Weekly.
Four thousand five hundred and thir
ty-three of these are in the army and
navy and 1000 are in France. A large
percentage of these men hold commis
sions or positions of distinction in
civil work. Three generals are in
cluded among Yale's service stars.
