# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-leasc
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
r A
