# Daily Staff Meeting
## 
### 
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
The Daily Edit Board will meet
tonight at 7 in the Daily Shack.
The regular staff meeting will he
on Sunday at 1 p.m.
