# New Directory.
## 
### 
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
The University Directory for the
current semester was put on sale
at the Bookstore this afternoon.
It is issued from the University
Press and is similar in general
make-up to the directories of pre
ceding years. An innovation is
the appearance of a neat map of
the campus, Palo Alto, College
Terrace, and Maytield. Hereto
fore the campus only has been
represented. The price of the Di
rectory is five cents.
