# Tribute Paid To Wilson
## 
### 
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
Mr. Percy Mackaye is perhaps best
known to all of us as a dramatist, a
writer of romantic, engagingly fan
tastic plays. We love him for his
enviable mixture of seriousness and
sentiment, his blending of hiimor and
romance, tenderness and satire into
pure poetry.
The following poem, one of six son
nets on the great of the world today,
is in Mr. Mackaye's quietly serious
vein and endeavors to show us that
true greatness lies in "patient forti
tude, not in showy hot-headedness."
WILSON.
Patience—but peace of heart we can
not choose;
Nor would he wish us cravenly to keep
Aloof in soul, who—large in states
manship
And justice—sent our ships to Vera
Cruz.
Patience must wring our hearts, while
we refuse
To launch ou.r country on that crim
son deep
Which breaks the dykes of Europe;
but we sleep
Watchful, still waiting for the awful
fuse.
Wisdom he counsels, and he counsels
well,
Whose patient fortitude against the
fret
And sneer of time has stood inviolable.
We love his goodness and will not
forget.
With him we pause beside the mouth
of hell, —
The wolf of Europe has not triumphed
yet.
