# Untitled Article
## 
### 
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
More tourists have been seen daily
011 the Stanford Campus this semester
than in any previous year. Various
trolley trips and two bus lines bring
in over one hundred visitors every
day. Besides these, many automobile
parties make the campus their object
for short visits.
The Exposition in San Francisco is
naturally responsible to a certain ex
tent for the increased number of visit
ors, but Stanford is becoming known
the country over as a place of beauty
and attraction for visiting tourists.
