# Zeta Psis Have Day at Exposition
## 
### 
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
The members of the Zeta Psi Fra
ternity will take part in the celebra
tion of Zeta Psi Fraternity Day at the
Exposition today. William Randolph
Hearst is a member of this fraternity
and will be present at today's pro
ceedings.
