# Eight Men To Try For Assistant Yell Leader
## Candidates Are Practicing Daily for Initial Public Appearance Saturday 
### 
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
Eight hopeful juniors, under the tu
telage of J. H. Goodman, 'IG, are now
endeavoring to master the intricate
motions which accompany Stanford
yells. This is the number which re
sponded to the yell leader's call for
candidates for the two assistant posi
tions. Daily preliminary practices are
being conducted, and the first public
appearance of the new men will be on
next Saturday at the game with the
Olympic Club.
Those who are trying out are H. C.
Johnstone, A. M. Smith, \V. GiLroy,
.T. P. Mackel, E. L. Thomison, L. M.
McDermott, F. M. C'ronenwett, and C.
W. Crocker.
It is very likely that a Stanford song
contest will be started in the near
future, with prizes for the best con
tributions. In view of our present
relations with California, Goodman
asks that all slams at our erstwhile
rival be eliminated, that we sing the
praises of Stanford, but leave Cali
fornia to the tender mercies of the
University of Southern California.
