# Student Aids in Biological Survey
## 
### 
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
G. F. Ferris, '16, in the interests of
the Entomology department, accom
panied a party from the Museum of
Vertebrate Zoology of the University
of California, engaged in a biological
survey of Yosemite Park. A consider
able quantity of new and interesting
species of animal parasites were ob
tained for detailed examination during
the winter months.
