# Stanford Couple Weds in Hollywood
## 
### 
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
Miss Ethel Libbis, '13, and Winfred
R. Goddard, '13, were married in Hol
lywood in August. Mrs. Goddard is a
graduate of the French department,
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Roble
Club. Mr. Goddard is a graduate of
the Chemistry department., member of
Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi. They
will make their home in Pasadena,
where Mr. Goddard has a position in
the chemistry department of the Pasa
dena high school.
