# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY
12:15p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club lunch
eon in the alcove of the Stanford
LTnion dining room.
1:15 p.m.—Meeting of the Junior
Class in Room 214 of the English
Building, to discuss the Junior
Prom, and the necessity of class
dues.
3:00 p.m.—Stanford Dames in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. Wives of students
are invited to attend.
■1:15 p.m.—Organ recital.
4:45 p.m.—Vesper service In Memorial
Church. Speaker: Dr. Douglas.
7:00 p.m.—A meeting of the Cabinet
of the Y.M.C.A. will be held in the
office of Executive-Secretary Cul
ver.
7:00 p.m.—Women's Glee Club will
meet in Room 84.
8:00 p.m.—English Club will meet at
the Theta house.
FRIDAY
8:15 p.m.—Program of Russian Songs
by the Kedroff Quartet In the As
sembly Hall. Presented by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises and open
to the public without charge.
SATURDAY
FOUNDERS' DAY.
8:15 p.m.—Sacred Concert in com
memoration of Founders of the Uni
versity by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra in the Memorial
Church. Admission by ticket only.
MISCELLANEOUS
Men who wish to take out or renew
tuition notes should call at the Dean
of Men's office March 11 to 16.
Advance registration for the spring
quarter will take place Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday of this week.
The date of the meeting of the Stan
ford and California chapters of Pi
Lambda Theta has been changed
from March 2 to March 9. All who
will attend inform Alice Rose im
mediately. Report number of cars
available.
Men now living in Toyon and Branner
halls who wish to reserve their
rooms for spring quarter should
call at the Dean of Men's Office
Thursday or Friday, March 7 or 8,
and pay deposits. Room drawings
will be held in the offices of the
respective halls at 7:30 p.m. Mon
day, March 11.
