# AUTO SHOW RE-OPENED IN SOUTH FOLLOWING $1,250,000 DISASTER
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. (/P)— Los
Angeles' auto show, which left a mass
of twisted steel, smouldering rubber,
and charred wood after a $1,250,000
lire late yesterday, will re-open to
night in Shrine Auditorium. Cars
similar to those displayed under can
vas on the original show site will be
on exhibit, officers of the Los An
geles Motor Dealers Association said,
with the exception of specially built
models which cannot be replaced.
