# BRILLIANT MILITARY TRAPPINGS FEATURE OF BALL TOMORROW
## 
### 
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
Clad in all the glory of its
brighest military trappings, the
campus "Foreign Legion" will as
semble in the Pavilion tomorrow
night prepared to dispel the
forces of dreariness by making
"whoopee" at Scabbard and
Blade's annual military ball.
For their pleasure the Pavil
ion will appear as a portion of
the Sahara desert. They will be
able to gaze upon French Ports
and outposts, Arab cases and
towns with the blue desert sky
overhead. Two orchestras, Bob
Beale's celebrated Athens Club
organization and a smaller group
from the campus, will furnish
syncopated melodies for their
terpischorean delight.
