# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Water polo
An upset loss to No. 7
Fresno State may not
seem like much, but for
the No. 4 Cardinal, the
defeat could have serious
postseason ramifications.
See page 19.

Cross country
The Stanford women's
cross country team used
second, third and fourth
place finishes to win Satur
day's meet at Fresno State
with an amazingly low 25-
point total. Stanford's
men, however, were
edged out by Fresno State.
See page 20.

Soccer
Stanford's men's soccer
team got off to a 3-2-2
start, but the women
dropped a game to the
University of California
Davis this weekend,
stretching their losing
streak to three.
See page 20.



