# Daughter Visits Parents
## 
### 
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
Mrs. Charles B. Carpenter of Spokane,
Washington, and her little daughter Bar
bara are visiting the former's parents,
Professor and Mrs. Oliver M. Johnston,
in their residence at 4 Alvarado Street.
