# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
The Institute has considered it as part
of its function to respond to requests for
aid, cgunsel, and enlightenment and the
directors, in particular, arc in demand as
speakers before chambers of commerce,
agricultural organizations, bakers' associ
ations, scientific, economic, and statistical
societies. The Institute has responded to
requests from federal officials for advice
with respect to national agricultural poli
cies.
