# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announces that all play
ers in the annual tournament now
under way who have not finished
their second-round matches by
Friday night, May 18, will he
