# OATQ policy
## 
### 
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only lor
events which are tree and open
to the public. Announcement
lorms must be tilled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line lor submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m.. two business
days before publication.
