# Air Force Academy Swoops into Battle Top Indian Gymnastics Team in Years
## 
### DAVID NYBERG 
Stanford’s best gymnastics
team in at least the past seven
years will open its season against
the Air Force Academy tomorrow
at 2 p.m. in Encina Gym. Coach
Wesley Ruff is assuringly enthu
siastic about a vast improvement
over last season when his gym
nasts won but two of six dual
meets.
Ruff explained that the Indians

have been and will be at a disad
vantage in gymnastics because
there is absolutely no recruiting
for the sport at Stanford. ‘‘We
have to discover potential mater
ial in the freshman class and in
the gymnastics courses offered in
the P. E. department,” he said,
‘‘and we try to build a team from
what we find.” The fact that our
West Coast conference is one of
the strongest in the nation puts
even more pressure on Stanford

competitors. Ruff added (hat “Cal
is consistently rated between fifth
and seventh in the nation.”

It is encouraging to note that
(here are no seniors on the team
which Ruff accredits as the best
he has coached at Stanford. Of
this is a valid indication, the fu
ture in gymnastics is certainly
promissing.
THREE RETURNING LET
TERMEN (all juniors) and three
sophomores will compete tomor
row. Senior Phil White, varsity
pole vaulter, will enter in the
trampoline when his track sched
ule does not conflict with (he
gymnastics meets.

“Iron man” Roger Rhoads will
enter' every event except the
trampoline-- his specialty is free
exercise. Russ Burmister is the
top Indian in the high bar compe
tition and perhaps one of the best
still ring men on the coast. Soph
omore Alan Miyamoto is excellent
in the side horse event and is also
Stanford’s best on the parallel
bars. Two more sophomores, Bill
Rusher and Marc Weissbluth, ex
cel! in the long horse and tum
bling, respectively. Rod Rinder
knicht is the number two man in
both free exercise and side horse,
while Mike Lyons serves as re
serve man on still rings. (All of
the team members listed above
compete in two or more of the
six regular events, but they have
been mentioned only with t h e
event in which they rank highest.)
Stanford’s second meet will be
at San Francisco State, on Febru
ary 13 and their next home com
petition will be against Long
Beach State on February 22.
