# Farm Professor Publishes Novel
## 
### 
"First Family," ft new novo! by
Richard Scowcrofl, assistant profes
sor of English at Stanford, was pub
lished today by tho Houghton Mif
flin Company, and is now on sale at
the Bookstore.
"The novel," says Seowerolt, "i-.
the story of a large family in the
inter-mountain West during the pr
riod between the two wars It be
gins with the second generation
American Gannon family, well o
tablished in the American Dream
tradition, and shows what the
'twenties and 'thirties did to that
dream."
Scowcroft was born in Ogden,
Utah, in 101the youngest of II
children. After graduating from the
University of Utah, he .spent two
years traveling around the world
before going to Harvard, where lie
did graduate work and wrote his
first novel, "Childien of the Cove
nant." In 1017 he came to Stanford,
where he is a teacher of creative
writing.
There is a parallel between "First
Family" and Seowcroft's own life,
but, says he,"The novel is not auto
biographical in terms of fact or set -
ting."
Scowcrofl spent two and a half
years writing his new book, during
which time, he says,"I locked my
self in a room and wrote."
