# HOUSING LISTS POSTED
## 
### 
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
Priority lists for men's bousing
are now posted at the ASSU and
Village offices.
