# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Peggy JadcJen
•
... be cool and comfor
table in something white
—flattering to every type.
Need a formal? The
Clothes Closet features a
sophisticated white silk
jersey with a dramatic
full-length cape carrying
out the military motif.
Ycu can wear the cape
over your other formals
too! $29.95 is reasonable
for an ensemble such as
this—
... If you like tailored
suits, look at the white
two-pieced suit with the
popular long jacket and
pleated skirt. It's a cool,
non - crushable material
called Beachanese. Wear
with it a soft, colorful
shirt to contrast with the
startling whiteness. Only
$16.
. . . For your sweaters,
wash dresses, and evening
clothes you really should
have the three - stranded
macaroni leis. You'll find
these also at
520 RAMONA ST.
