# Gridders Show Improvement
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
Stanford's varsity gridders ram
bled through a much improved
scrimmage yesterday — tomorrow
Coach Clark Shaughnessy has slated
a three-hour session from 2 o'clock
till 5.
Again it was running through
plays over and over and faster find
faster, with actual scrimmaging tak
ing up only twenty minutes of the
afternoon.
Halfbacks had their licks, Pete
Kmetovic, Eric Armstrong, Bob Dit
levson, and Buck Fawcett all dis
playing lots of drive and speed.
Kelly Ross got in too and made a
couple of good down field blocks.
From his fullback spot Milt Vu
cinich gunned up more speed than
usual and twice shook off secondary
ladders after busting through the
line. Bob Crane went even faster
than "Voos," and it looks as if
Shaughnessy's worries about slow
fullbacks are over.
Bob Mitchell alternated with Ray
Hammett on the Blues at quarter,
was particularly adept at hiking.
Frankie Albert was back to call em
on the first squad and got off a
couple of nice passes during the
abbreviated scrimmage.
Across on the defense Jack Harris,
normally a back, played left tackle
and piled up two plays, once dump
ing Armstrong before he had a
chance to get across the line.
