# Vichy, Nazis Collaborate; FDR Replies
## Petain Asks French Not to Question; Ten Ships Seized by U.S. 
### 
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
VICIIY, May 15 (UP). — Marshal
Ilcnri Philippe Petain tonight called
upon (he French people (o follow
him "without questioning" in his
negotiations with Adolf Hitler, to
wipe out France's defeat and "con
serve her rank as a European and
colonial power in the world"
The 85-year-old chief of the
French state spoke to the nation by
radio following announcement that
his cabinet had accepted unanimous
ly the preliminary terms laid down
by Hitler for a new scheme of "col
laboration" between France and
Germany. It. replaces the armistice
agreement.
Petain intimated that France must
come to an understanding with Ger
many and has chosen "collaboration"
with the Axis new European order
in both Europe and Africa, con
vinced that Germany will win the
war and that France's fate rests
with Berlin.
The marshal's speech and yester
day's announcement of the prelimi
nary agreement reached by Vice-
Premier Admiral Jean Francois Dar
lan and Hitler at Berchtesgaden car
ried a clear warning to most observ
ers that France is turning her back
on both the United States and
Britain.
