# Grad Student's Story Published by Magazine
## 
### 
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
An article written by a Stanford
graduate student is featured in the
May 2 issue of the Saturday Re
view of Literature.
Gikonyo Wa Kiano, of Kenya, Af
rica, is the author of the article,
which discusses an African's view
point of the Mau Mau situation.
Kiano is studying in the Political
Science Department.
The article is part of the Satur
day Review's special issue on
"America and the Challenge of Af
rica."
