# Will Improve Club-Room.
## 
### 
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
At the laBt meeting of the board
of Encina Club directors plans
were made for improving the En
cina club-room. The billiard and

pool tables are to be repaired and
placed in good order. The pictures
of the Varsity teams which are on
the walls will be rehung. All the
pictures which are lacking to fur
nish a complete record of Stanford
athletic teams to date will be se
cured and placed on the walls.
