# HOCKEY WINNERS WILL MEET MILLS SATURDAY
## 
### 
The games which will decide which
teams will meet the Mill's College
teams Saturday, will be played on
Wednesday and Thursday, at 4:00 p.m.
So far in the series, the sophomores
nave had the lead, but the game to
morrow between the freshmen and
ihe sophomores will determine which
.earn will play Mills from the lower
i-lassmen. 1 lie two upper class teams
will also play on Thursday, to select
on*? team to meet the upperclass team
from Mills.
'1 he game Saturday will be played
at Mills, in the morning. Lack of
organized rooting was keenly felt at
the University of California game, and
the coaches urge the women to get
together, and make the trip to Mills
with the teams. A good rooting sec
tion is particularly in need at this
time as there is apprehension felt as
to Stanford's chances of winning this
game. The intervention of the
Thanksgiving vacation and of the rain
will react seriously against the team.
