# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
The first newspaper printed in
California appeared in 1546, 97 years
ago.
