# DISCUSSION GROUPS PLANNED BY Y.M.C.A.
## 
### 
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
Plans are being made by the local
V. M. C. A. for the organization of a
class, to be conducted as a general
discussion group, for the study of
"Rational Religion." Enrollment in
this class will be open to all upper
classmen, and it is desired that all
men who would like to enroll in the
course call at the office of the local
Y. M. C. A. on or before Wednesday
