# Grads To Visit Stockton Club
## 
### 
When the Stockton alumni club
gathers for its spring meeting to
morrow night a large group of Uni
versity and alumni officials will be
present. Among those who will at
tend are: Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Harlow Rothert, Al Masters,
Don Liebendorfer, "Tiny" Thorn
hill, Ernie Nevers, Jim Lawson, and
Harry Wolter.
McDowell, executive secretary of
ihe Alumni Association, and Thorn
hill spent the week-end visiting
clubs throughout the state. Friday
night they met with members of
the Tulare, Kings county, club who
gathered in Visalia for the annual
spring meeting. They also talked to
those who attended the annual
baibecue of the Kern county club.
