# YOUTHFUL REDS REVEAL POWER
## 
### 

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)

After a poor start the San Francisco Missions are playing fast and
winning baseball in the Pacific Coast League. Eill Walters (left) is
holding down third oase with Ellsyorth Dahlgren (upper right) on the
initial sack. Others of the hustling club are (left to right in strip)
John Babich, pitcher; John Fitzpatrick, catcher, and Italo Chelini,
pitcher. (Associated Press Photos)
