# Queen Of Health
## 
### 

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo

Marie Post has been choser
health queen of the University o
Arizona. (Associated Press Photo
