# PROPOSED MEMORIAL QUADRANGLE
## 
### 

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.

At left is artist's con
eeption of plans ad
vanced in 1929 for a
New Theatre for Stan
ford. Combining the 1
idea of a War Memorial
with the more practical
popular cry for a thea
tre, the new move called
for a memorial group as i
pictured in a proposed
second quadrangle. This
was to have been situ
ated south of the prcs- |
ent triangle, between it
and the Encina-Toyon- j
Branncr group.
