# Doty and Turner Win Moot Court
## 
### 
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
John A. Doty won the tenth an
nual Kirkwood moot court com
petition of the Law School last
Friday night. Runner-up was Wil
liam J. Turner.
The main issue in this year’s
case was whether the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell within the supremacy clause
of the Constitution, overriding
conflicting state legislation.
The competition was judged by

Associate Justice Hugo L. Black
of the U.S. Supreme Court; Ray
mond E. Peters, associate justice
of the California Supreme Court,
and Ben C. Duniway, circuit judge
in the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
In addition to book awards,
Doty received $lOO, Turner $3O
and two other finalists $23 each
from the Stanford Law Society of
Northern California and Nevada.
