# Liu to Discuss Chinese Myths'
## 
### 
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
Professor James Liu of the His
tory Depax-tment will conduct a
discussion today of what ho terms
“wild speculations” about China.
Ho will discuss such wide
spread beliefs as “China is in fa
vor of a nuclear war because
China’s large population would
make her the only survivor”;
“China is in the midst of a great
famine.”
The discussion, one of a series
on “The Chinese Enigma,” is be
ing presented by the China Com.
of the HR and will be hold in
Room 41a at 4:30. All are invited
to participate.
