# SPORTS OF 1927
## 
### BY "FEG MURRAY, '16 
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
Before taking up the "J's" in this
alphabet of golf celebrities, mention
must be made of the fact that there
are no "I's" unless one includes the
large capital I used by at least 100,000
players in telling of the fine iron
(there's another "I") shot they made
at such and such a green, and the
"eyes" of such lady golfers as Glenna
Collett, Helen Payson, Maureen Or
cutt, and Virginia Van Wie.
Though the tenth letter of the alpha
bet does not begin the last name of a
large number of links stars, neverthe
less it has as its most famous member
the greatest of all amateur golfers,
and the youth who is considered by
many as the finest golfer that ever
lived. Though only twenty-five, Bobby
Jones is already a veteran with more i
than ten years of national tournament
play, and his record of two seconds
and two successive firsts in the na- ;
tional amateur championship, and of
finishing second or better in the last
live United States open champion
ships, is one without parallel in the
golf history of this country. Bobby's
feat of winning the open titles of
Britain and America within the space
of seventeen days, with an ocean voy
age in between, may never be equaled
as long as golf is played.
There have been other "J" golf
champions and other Jones golfers,
but there is only one Bobby Jones.
Louis N. James won the U.S. amateur
title in 1902, and twelve years later I
J. L. C. Jenkins finished first in the
British amateur, and Mrs. Arnold Jack
won first in the U.S. women's tourna
ment. The other Joneses are Rowland
Jones, a British professional, and a
former Belgian champion, who, like
Sandy Herd, has shot seventeen holes
in-one; and Dick Jones, a prominent
New York golfer, a former Metropoli
tan junior champion and a semi-final
ist in the 1925 U.S. amateur tourna
ment. Harry Jones has won fame on
the links around Vancouver, and Er
nest Jones is another ardent devotee
of the Scotch pastime.
Other famous "J's" are Miss Marie
Jenney of New York, the "Long Jim
Barnes of the feminine golf world";

Andrew Jamieson, Jr., who beat Bobby
Jones in the semi-finals of the 1926
British amateur tournament; Fred
Jangle, a former South African cham
pion (Jangle of the Jungle); Charles
Johns and Herbert Jolly, British pros;
Miss Janet V. Jackson, six times Irish
women's champion; and Harrison R.
Johnston, of St. Paul, who broke
Chick Evans' long stranglehold on the
Western amateur title in 1925.


Golf Alphabet —J
