# U.C. Athletes Hold Record For Long-Distance Trips
## 
### 
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
University of California athletic
teams hold what is believed to be the
American intercollegiate record for
long-distance traveling during the
academic year 1926-27. Athletes on
six major sports teams have, or will
have traveled by the time the summer
is over, a grand total of 625,368 pas
senger miles —the equivalent of twen
ty-six journeys around the globe.
