# STANFORD UNIVERSITY WOMEN'S ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
Field Day, May 26, 1927
2:00 p.m.—Track; Archery
3:00 p.m.—Tennis
4:00 p.m.—Swimming
6:00 p.m.—Barbecue
PROGRAM
Speech by Barbara Fenwick,
W.A.A. President.
Songs by Rose Taff and Vir
ginia Moulton.
Awarding of Numerals —600
point "S's" and Block "S"
sweaters.
Stunt by "S" society and an
nouncement. of newly
elected members.
Awarding of cups and an
nouncement of all-star
teams.
