# RAs not to be promised jobs
## 
### Rebecca Moss 
RAs (house associates) and
resident fellows have been
asked not to promise prospec
tive RAs positions in their
houses, according to Alice
Supton, assistant dean of resi
dential education.
This request, Supton said,
resulted from a general con
cern by residential education
administrators that these
promises were influencing RA
candidates' decisions.
Prospective RAs list, in order
of preference, where they
would like to work. If an
applicant knows that he is
going to be offered a position
at a particular house, then his
preferences might reflect this
promise.

Applicants are told that
Norm Robinson, associate
dean of Residential Education
is the only person authorized
to hire candidates. "In this way
we can avoid problems in
communication," said Supton.
The selection process is bro
ken down into two rounds. In
round one, applicants fill out
an application and attend an in
terview. These interviews are
designed to "expose whatever
the applicant didn't get across
in the application," explained
Marisa Klein, an RA in Twain.
Folders are reviewed by a pool
committee of people in resi
dential education and resi
dence staff members, and
applicants are selected for
round two.

In round two, applicants at
tend informational meetings at
each house where they are in
terested in being an RA. The
resident fellows and the RAs
read the folders of all in
terested applicants and select
the people they feel will
be best suited as RAs in their
houses. Robinson approves all
decisions.
In the final process, applic
ants rate their preferences and
these are correlated with the
preferences of resident fel
lows.
Every person is entitled to an
interview and applicants who
feel that they did not have a
satisfactory first interview may
request a second interview
with no questions asked.
