# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
SEND THE DAILY HOME
SEA OF RECORDS •
i/i
rn
Our shock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- " n
lowing labels: pa
m
n
Angel O
Dccca 2
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol -n
Tclcfunkcn 73
m
London q
International
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mcrcury #
RCA-Victor
E P ic „
Columbia >
I q
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of
RECORDS £
°
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco
73
Q
Open Sunday "
