# Sterlings to Host Stanford Mothers
## 
### 
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
The Stanford Mothers' club Chry
santhemum Tea will be held this aft
ernoon from 2 to 4:30 p.m. at the
home of President and Mrs. Wallace
Sterling.
Proceeds from the sale of tickets
are used for the student rest homes
and a scholarship fund, two Mothers'
Club projects. The $2 tickets may
still be secured by contacting Mrs.
E. L. Tatum. 541 San Juan Road, or
Mrs. William A. Mudget, at DA 3-
6923.
