# Day Planned For LA Area High Schoolers
## 
### 
Students from 74 Southern Cali- j
fornia high schools will be intro- j
duced to' Stanford life Saturday at
the Cardinal-sponsored high school J
day in Los Angeles.
The conference, under the direc
tion of Dave Jenks, has been de
signed to acquaint the students with
all phases of Stanford life and to
provide a time when their questions
may be answered.
Speakers at the conference will be
H. Donald Winbigler, dean of stu
dents; Nathaniel C. Allyn, associate
director of admissions; Robert H.
Huff, assistant dean of men; George
Ralph, student tjody president; and
Nate Leanse, president of Cardinals.
Stanford's history, traditions, ath
letics, organizations, admissions re
quirements, academics, finance, em
ployment, scholarships and living
groups will be discussed and stu
dent questions will be answered.
Booths representing major depart
ments and student activities will be
manned by Stanford students who
are south for the football game.
The Wilshire Ebell Theater, 4401
West Eighth Street, in Los Angeles
has been chosen as the location for
the High School Day, which will get
under way Saturday at 8:45 a.m.
Assisting Dave Jenks on arrange
ments are Scott Ferguson and Hank
Hatcher, general secretaries; Jean
McKaig, booth chairman; Sally Rau,
speaker; Bob Faust, literature and
properties; Mary Helen Kelson, pub
licity.
