# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
Isolation Hospital: Jane Beards
ley, Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital: William Bord
man, Vincent Brown, Charles Lord,
Allen Tale, Roy W. Walholm Jr.,
Patricia Zeller.
Men's Rest Home: Donald Bennett,
Richard Bennitt, George Story.
Women's Rest Home: Alice Bob
bitt, Kay Debbs.
