# Council, Village Rep Elections To Close Today
## 
### 
Final elections for Men's Coun
cil. Women's Council and Village
Legislature representative will
close today.
Polls will be open in front of
the Main Library from 8:.'I0 a.m.
until p.m. today. Outside the
Village dining area polls will be
open from 11 a.m. until 1 p.m.
The delay in final elections for
these three positions was caused
by election mix-ups which forced
a re-run of the primary.
Candidates entered in the Men's
Council race are Richard An
drews, Denny Anspach and Jerry
Fuller.
Women's Council candidates are
Carol Eymann, Carolyn Fratessa,
Jane Pyle and Jo Ann Wiedmann.
Phil Euler and Andrew Kjos are
candidates in the run-off for Vil
lage Legislature representative.
