# Unfair to dismiss Campbell for age
## 
### 
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
The recent call for the resignation of
Hoover Institution Director W. Glenn
Campbell is yet another example of
arbitrary discrimination within the
University.
To pronounce someone as inferior or
incapable solely due to that person's
age is as repugnant as racial or cul
tural discrimination.
People over 65 are an integral and
ever-growing segment of our society,
and we must all strive to overcome
archaic age discrimination.
Stanford, as a disproportionately
"young" community, must be sensitive
to the values and concerns of the el
derly, just as a predominantly Anglo
community must be sensitive to all
people of color.
If the Board of Trustees is truly

calling for Campbell's resignation be
cause of his age then this action is a
step back for a continuing civil rights
struggle, and I hope all socially pro
gressive groups join me in protesting
this action.
William McKelvy
Junior, history
