# NO FUNDS FOR BASEBALL
## 
### 
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
LUBBOCK, Tex., March 28. (/P)—
Baseball has been abandoned this
spring at Texas Technological Col
lege because of lack of funds. Track
and field activities were stricken
from the school's athletic program a
year ago. ;
