# Britain Repays Morgan For Support Of Pound
## 
### 
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
NEW YORK. March 28. (>P)—An- j
nouncement was made today that ;
the British treasury would repay ;
tomorrow $30,000,000 of the $200,-
000,000 credit obtained last summer
from an American banking syndi- j
cate headed by J. P. Morgan &
Company.
Great Britain recently made a
payment of $150,000,000 on this ac
count, so that only $20,000,000 will
remain outstanding. The credit was
obtained for support of the pound ,
sterling.
