# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
Have you got the worst case of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
