# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
Had initials "J. D." on it. Contain
ed money and student body card.
Notify P. O. Box 1189, Campus. N23
LOST —Tuesday, about 3:30, between
Encina Gym and Alpha Sigma Phi
house, 10 Big Game tickets, sections
C and D, row 60, including two press
tickets. Return to Alpha Sigma Phi
House. Reward. Nl7
LOST —Will pay $20 reward for re
covery of wrist watch lost a week
ago either in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Watch is Longines swiss
