# SOPHOMORES GUARD THE CAMPUS TONIGHT
## 
### 
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
At a hurriedly called meeting of the
sophomores in the Little Theatre, at
12:45 this afternoon, President F. W.
Kauffman outlined the plana made for
guarding the Campus and Stadium
against any possible invasion by Cali
fornia men. According to the plans,
which were suggested by Dan Evans,
men will be on guard all night at En
cina and Sequoia Halls, on the row
and on the eQuad. The Stadium will
also be heavily guarded by two large
patrols, one under the direction of
"Nip" McHose aud the other under
Harvey Coverley. Besides these pa
trols there will be a flying patrol
which will make hourly inspections
with a machine equipped with spot
lights.
The following men have signed up
and are instructed to report at the
Stadium at 6 o'clock tonight:Schwartz,
Titus, Lobre, Marquis, Kirby, Leiben
dorfer, Bailard, Newman, Working,
Hinckley, Hesthal, Badham, Proctor,
Waterman, Smith, Levitt, Bly, Har
mon, Kennison, Evans, Shoenliair, At
will, Baker, Tamplin, Berry, Patton,
Spencer, Mack, Lee, Mulford, Rich
mond, Sommers, Lowe, Tennant,
Carver, Lamb, Robinson, Cray, Thomp
son, Torey, Waterson, Vaughn, Cran
dall, Hines, Clapp, Crawford, Land
weer, Walter, Quirnback, and all men
who signed up at the meeting.
