# Bacon's Lecture Well Received.
## 
### 
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
The lecture on "Herod, the Hellen
izer and Monuments of His Age," by
Professor M. W. Bacon, of Yale, was
listened to by many interested hear
ers in the Chapel, Friday night.
