# Au Naturel
## 
### 
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
A distraught mother told
campus police that 10 to 15
persons were swimming nude in
Lake Lagunita late Tuesday
afternoon, but the group had left
by the time police arrived.
According to Officer Charlie
McGhee, who investigated, the
reported incident took place near
Foothill Blvd. and the golf
practice range. An attendant at
the boathouse, located more than
200 yards away on the opposite
side of the lake, said he had seen a
Volkswagen Microbus pull off the
road and unload several persons.
At that distance, more than
200 yards, it is practically
impossible to observe whether or
not individuals are wearing swim
clothes.
