# Adv. 12 Page 8
## 
### 
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
Staffers, sign up now for
our Daily banquet at the
Chart House, Half Moon
Bay on Friday, Aug. 24.
You pay $6, ive7/ foot
the rest.
loin us!
