# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The tourist is a person generally
welcome to the quadrangle anil to
whatever attention may give him a
good impression to take away with
him. There is no objection to his
visiting the library fora moment or
looking in upon the laboratories.
There is, however, a line to be drawn
at intrusion in the class-rooms. It
is wearing on the class as well as the
instructor to have a party of three
or four enter the chapel some half
hour after the beginning of the lee
ture. Their evident interest in the
pictures does not mnke their abseuce
any the less precious. After a brief
htay, not long enough to hit down,
and hardly sufficient to allow the
class and instructor to recover their
equilibrium, the party rustles out
again just in time to allow auother
busman to do the honors and let
iinother party be monarch of all it
surveys.
