# 1920 FIVE DEFEATS PALLY QUINTET
## 
### 
Using teamwork Iliat completely
baffled their opponents, the freshmen
i quintet rolled lip a score of 73 to 10
against Palo Alto high school, last
night, in Encina gymnasium. A com
bination of condition, accurate bas
ket-shooting and individual starring,
was too much for the "Pally" five.
For the freshmen, Moulton and
i Hood, at forward, were able to find

the basket at will, the former making
22 points and the- latter 26. Deben
ham at running guard threw 9 scores
while Toole and Noyes, although not
high point makers, wore very strong
in the guarding and teamwork game.
Coach Wilson and Freshmen Coach
Peterson used all the freshmen can
didates, and all of them, including
Hunter, Carver, Joerg, Henderson and
Patten, put up a good game.
