# ILLINOIS ASKS TRACK TEAM EAST
## 
### 
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
Track Captain H. V. Aupperle, '17,
today received an invitation to enter
Stanford's team in the first indoor
annual college and university relay
carnival, which is to be held by the
University of Illinois Athletic Asso
ciation as the spring event in the new
armory at Champaign, March 3.
In addition to all sorts of relays,
ranging from one-mile university and
college events to a four-mile univer
sity race, the indoor individual cham
pionships of the Middle West will also
be contested on that day. Partici
pants jn this meet will compete in

every race and field event on the
track program and will receive points
according to the mark they make in
each contest, in the same manner in
which pvints are awarded in the
decathlon.
According to Captain Aupperle and
Graduate Manager Behrens, there is
small chance of Stanford's team com
peting in the carnival because of the
distance which must be traveled, but
there is a possibility of one or two
men going back to compete in the in
door individual championships.
