# ARRANGE SECOND TENNIS TOURNEY
## 
### 
Tennis activities will begin in earn
est at once, according to Captain
Aliyn Barber, '18. A second novice
tournament is scheduled for tbe next
week-end, while the interclass and
interfraternity matches will be run off
in the near future, with the result
that a good line on the men can be
gained for the varsity team to be
picked later.
In the novice tournament last week
some new players were uncovered who
will make a strong bid for places on

tbe varsity and freshmen teams. Cap
tain Harber believes that there are
other strong players who have not
shown up yet, and for this reason
wishes everyone who can handle a
racquet to enter the matches Friday
and Saturday.
The first round will be run off Fri
day afternoon and the remainder Sat
day afternoon and the remainder Sat
urday morning. Hitter Holrnan, win
ner last Saturday, will not be allowed
