# Adv. 43 Page 10
## 
### 
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
Thanks for the baskets,
the touchdowns, the
aces, the races, the goals
and the wins.
Thanks for the stories.
—Brian Eule & Gil Lopez
Sports Editors
Volume 214
