# Faculty and Staff to Get Discount Cards
## 
### 
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
Faculty and staff identification
cards entitling them to 10 percent
discount at the bookstore are
available at the bookstore cash

ier's office. Persons not listed in
the University Directory should
bring identification. The book
store is open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. week
days and 8 a.m.-12 p.m. Saturdays.
