# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to Iho Editor should not
exceed 2.")0 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
eluded. Typewritten letters have
a bolter chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
