# Steam and Esteem
## 
### 
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
Editor, the Daily:
I appreciate the publicity given
to this year's Nigerian students
(Daily, October 7). Your reporter
Hopkins should realize, however,
that Messrs. Ero and Oladele arc
not the first Nigerians to enroll
at Stanford.
My old-time friend, Ben Nzer
ibe from Awo-Omamma, Orul, Ni
geria, was a student here in 1954-
55. He transferred to Cornell
where he earned a Ph.D. in 1957.
Last year he started a community
vocational school for his clan In
an area of 100,000 population
where there existed no secondary
school at all.
.foris Bicmniis
