# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A movement that will be of far
reaching importance to Stanford

women, both gtaduates and under
graduates, is that which the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae has
started. It is a work which tho
regular Alumni Association cannct
do. The bringing together in close
union of the graduates of Eastern
institutions and those of the insti
tutions of the Pacific Coast must
in itself be productive of consider
able benefit. But that which will
reflect more directly on campus
life will be the opportunity which
the women undergraduates of both
California and Stanford will have
of mingling freely with older college
women, it being the intention of
the Association to admit them into
the club-house on terms of equal
fellowship.
