# Concert by the Knickerbockers.
## 
### 
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
The participants in the Knicker
bocker Concert next Friday night
will be as follows: Herbert E. Wil
liam, first tenor; Dr. R. W. Smith,
second tenor; I). E. Crane, first
bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass;
Roscoe Warren Lucy, pianist; Me
riam Eskridge, reader; Mrs. Berm
ingham, contralto; and Bernard
Walther, violinist. Tickets will be
on sale Wednesday at 1:30 in l'alo
Alto and at the Bookstore. Prices
wiil be 50, 35, and 25 cents.
