# Senior Program Deadline May 16
## 
### 
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
Next Wednesday is the newly set
deadline for ordering Senior Class
Week programs and graduation an
nouncements at the Bookstore. The
deadline was previously Saturday.
The programs, with white leather
covers, cost $1.35 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Samples of the programs and an
nouncements are on display at the
Bookstore. The programs contain
pictures of the campus, names of
all those receiving degrees, names
of the senior class officers and sen
ior committee chairmen, and the
calendar of Senior Week activities.
