# Frosh to Debate Evolution Tonight
## 
### 
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
Freshman debaters will tackle the
olrl question of evolution vs. reli
gion tonight at 8 in Cuhberley Au
ditorium.
Panel members of the debate,
sponsored by the Western Civ De
partment., are Carolyn Bebor, Betty
.Jo Clark, Mera Lee Kahn, Dick
Maltzman, Chandler Myers, and
Harrison Schmidt. Bob Buckles will
moderate the discussion.
