# Civil Service Offers Jobs
## 
### 
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
An opportunity to qualify for ca
reers leading to executive and high
level staff positions in government
jobs is now available to Stanford
students.
Arrangements can be made at the
Placement Service to take the Jun
ior Management Assistant Exami
nation which will be given June 2
on campus. Applications for this
Civil Service examination, "Form
5000-AB," must be sent to the Di
rector, 12th U.S. Civil Service Re
gion, Appraisers' Building, San
Francisco, by May 17.
A group meeting will be held
May 15 at 2 p.m. in Room 4GO of

the Biology Building for the pur
pose of explaining the exam and
positions available after passing it.
The JMA Examination has been
arranged to recruit outstanding
young people who are trained in
management, social sciences, or
public affairs for federal govern
ment careers. Successful candidates
will be assigned to work preparing
them for promotion to high-level
administrative, staff, and planning
positions.
Details are available on the pink
announcement No. 12-22(51) which
can be found downstairs at the
Placement Service.
