# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
Scares Off
Bike Thieves
■ ryco
j Howler
I GREAT!
A bicycle lock
I that catches thieves
in the act. When its
cable is cut, it howls.
I RYCO Howler, with
2 keys and 6-foot
replaceable cable,
I $16.95
NOW AVAILABLE
AT THESE DEALERS I
CAMPUS BIKE
SHOP
437 California Ave.
Palo Alto
WALT'S BIKE
SHOP I
116 Carroll St. I
I Sunnyvale ■
MENLO BIKE
& KEY
11187 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
MIDTOWN BIKE
SHOP
1 2740 Middlefield Rd. «
Palo Alto
THE BICYCLE
TREE
1 1320 So. Mary ■
Sunnyvale
MTN. VIEW KEY
& LOCK
R 171 Castro A
Mountain View J
