# CJP Legality Held
## 
### 
In an opinion reprinted on
page four of today's Daily, the
Campus Judicial Panel has
unanimously denied motions
challenging the panel's
jurisdiction, holding that "the CJP
is a legal and legitimate
institution."
In a separate opinion, CJP
chairman John Kaplan and
alternate student member Mark
Evans concurred with the opinion
of the six voting members, and
stated that they would act
accordingly if their votes were
required on the legitimacy issue.
The panel rejected defense
contentions in the case of the
"Placement Center 4" that Article
IV of the ASSU constitution,
Section 1(d) 2(c) of the
Legislative and Judicial Charter,
and a 1902 amendment to the
University trusts made by Mrs.

Jane Stanford render the CJP
illegitimate.
The situation when the
Student Senate refused to appoint
student members to the SJC
selection committee constituted
"extraordinary circumstances"
which gave the President, under
Article IV of the Legislative and
Judicial Charter, "the power to
set up a different judicial system,"
the panel ruled.
The CJP also decided that the
system devised by President
Richard Lyman in November is
"just and equitable," and that
"the civil rights of Stanford
students are in practice not
abridged under the CJP rules and
procedures."
In two non-political cases the
CJP has recommended that two
students be suspended for one
quarter for forgery.
