# WOMEN TO COMPETE WITH CALIFORNIA FOR FENCING CUP
## 
### 
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
Women's varsity fencing teams of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will hold a meet tomorrow at
10 a.m., in the Roble gymnasium for
the permanent possession of the silver
trophy given in 1915 by Mrs. Walter
Durand Hardin, niece of Senator Stan
ford.
The cup was won in 1915 by Cali
fornia. and by Stanford in 1916 and
1917. The Stanford-California bouts
tomorrow will either bring the cup to
Stanford or tie the competition. Ad
ditional interest is attached to the
meet in that under the present regula
tions concerning varsity intercol
legiate competition for women this
will probably be the last athletic
event in which Stanford and Cali
fornia women will meet with varsity
teams.
Miss Dorothy Walsh, '19, captains
the fencing varsity. The lineup for
tomorrow's bouts will be: Miss Flor
ence Mason, 'IS, Anita Squires, '20,
Mildred Turner, *18, and Marguerite
Eiskamp, '20.
Mrs. F. O. Park, instructor in fenc
ing, believes that the meet tomorrow
will be closely contested as the two
teams are evenly matched. The Stan
ford women were successful in the
intercollegiate bouts with California
in the field day series and will offer
strong competition in the varsity meet.
