# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
Franklyn Slade, ex-'IS, has recently
enlisted in the army and is now at
Camp Fremont.
