# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
One of Ihe most interesting lectures
of the year was delivered last night
before Neytoria Debating Society by
Professor P. J. Treat in the Law
building o.i "The Japanese Interven
tion in Siberia."
Professor Treat showed clearly that
the Japanese were justified in their
move and furthemore that there were
no evil intentions on their part.
Everyone from now on is cordially
invited by the society to attend meet
ings held < very Wednesday evening at
7:30 in the Law building.
