# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
ISUmA!; 2 A
I SEE IT NOW!
The Greatest Picture
of any year!
ROBERT DONAT
CREER CARSON
"GOODBYE
MR. CHIPS"
—And—
March of Time's
"THE MOVIES MARCH ON"
—Also—
Disney Cartoon
"SEA SCOUTS"
