# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
The Colloge of the Pacific will con
duct n "traveling university" to Eu- j
ropo this summer.
