# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
Purdue University is conducting a
school for cheerleaders, in which in
struction in mob psychology is made a
big feature.
