# Percy Marks About Hall Right Says Ohio Professor
## 
### 
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
"Several years ago Percy Marks
stood on this Chapel stage and said
that fifty per cent of the college stu
dents are dumbells. But I disagree
with him, for I think that ninety per
cent of the college students are dum
bells when it comes to general cul
ture," declared Professor Roderick
Peattie, of the Department of Geo
graphy, at the fraternity scholarship
program in the Chapel of the Ohio
State University.
