# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
A candidate for the Northwestern
University football team recently lost
his memory, but the police were fin
ally able to identify him by his team's
signals, which he continually repeated.
