# NEWSPAPER CRITICS CONCEDE CARDINAL ROOTERS VICTORY
## 
### 
Conceded by two San Francisco
newspapers and a majority of the Big
Game spectators to have put on the
best-executed and most-colorful bleach
er stunts ever produced, the Stanford
rooters added another victory to that
won on the field Saturday.
Thomas J. Ayers was awarded the
prize for suggesting the best stunt to
the Rally Committee. The winning sug
gestion was the showing of a large
block "S" pennant, followed by the
successive appearance of the pennants
of the teams conquered by the Cards.
The Stanford presentations were as
follows: (1) An American flag (shown
before the game; (2) A green wreath
encircling the word "Andy"; (3) Do
sign bearing L.S.J.U. with the Big
Tree in the background; (4) Tliis
stunt was in three sections, showing
first a bear, second an axe, and third
a bearskin; (5) Stanford pennant and
pennants of conquered teams (winning
stunt); (G) The conference flag; (7) A
white swan; (8) Block S on white
field.
