# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.

GEOFFREY WEST, a graduate student in Physics from London, Eng
land, enjoys a large slice of watermelon at last Saturday's free
Watermelon Feast near the Women's Clubhouse, which was spon
sored by the Summer ASSU.
