# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Our defeat Saturday at the hands
of the Olympic team is hardly as
discouraging as might have been
expected. The present team is try
ing to fill the place of one of the
strongest aggregations of amateur
hall-tossers ever gotten together on
the coast. The Olympics are un
doubtedly in their best form and
have had good grounds to practice
on, while the Stauford recruits have
been compelled to satisfy themselves
with the lumpy adobe plot east of
Enciua Hall. We have the material
fi.r a strong team. The mere fact
that the score wns so nearly tied up
t o the eighth inning is ample proof
that the team is a winning one with
the development of a little more
team-work. If the "fans" do their
part with voice and purse, there is
no reason why the same old story
should not. bo told in the intercol
legiate games next month.
