# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Under the circumstances of its or
igin, Stanford should attach great
importance to Founders' Day as a
University institution. Most col
leges are products of blow growth
and gradual development; little in
terest attaches to their founders or
the circumstances of their founda
tion. Stanford, on the contrary,
came into existence a full grown in
stitution, with interests directly and
personally attached to the founders
The holiday should be made an oc
casion. It is not enough for the
students to meet and listen to a pro
gram presented by members of the
faculty; there should be a student
celebration as well—a general ob
servance of a diiy set apart for show
ing lojalty to alma m<ifer and her
traditions.
Under the circumstances of its or
igin, Stanford should attach great
importance to Founders' Day as a
University institution. Most col
leges are products of blow growth
and gradual development; little in
terest attaches to their founders or
the circumstances of their founda
tion. Stanford, on the contrary,
came into existence a full grown in
stitution, with interests directly and
personally attached to the founders
The holiday should be made an oc
casion. It is not enough for the
students to meet and listen to a pro
gram presented by members of the
faculty; there should be a student
celebration as well—a general ob
servance of a diiy set apart for show
ing lojalty to alma m<ifer and her
traditions.
Under the circumstances of its or
igin, Stanford should attach great
importance to Founders' Day as a
University institution. Most col
leges are products of blow growth
and gradual development; little in
terest attaches to their founders or
the circumstances of their founda
tion. Stanford, on the contrary,
came into existence a full grown in
stitution, with interests directly and
personally attached to the founders
The holiday should be made an oc
casion. It is not enough for the
students to meet and listen to a pro
gram presented by members of the
faculty; there should be a student
celebration as well—a general ob
servance of a diiy set apart for show
ing lojalty to alma m<ifer and her
traditions.
Under the circumstances of its or
igin, Stanford should attach great
importance to Founders' Day as a
University institution. Most col
leges are products of blow growth
and gradual development; little in
terest attaches to their founders or
the circumstances of their founda
tion. Stanford, on the contrary,
came into existence a full grown in
stitution, with interests directly and
personally attached to the founders
The holiday should be made an oc
casion. It is not enough for the
students to meet and listen to a pro
gram presented by members of the
faculty; there should be a student
celebration as well—a general ob
servance of a diiy set apart for show
ing lojalty to alma m<ifer and her
traditions.
