# Here 'n' There
## 
### 
Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

Dead week—the calm before the
storm. At Encina there will be two
storms, one when exams drive each
man to insanity, and a much bigger
one when the ASTs tear Encina down
in preparation for the week-long
furlough commencing September
first.
What a sad state of affairs things
will be when the joy boys return.

No beautiful Stanfordettes to look
at, just the ugly pans of the Navy.
Life won't be worth living.
Tears and wine will flow simul
taneously as ASTs sing Auld Lang
Syne to the departing ME-6s and
EE-6s. A new bunch of goldbricks
will take over the vacated offices
left by the graduates. A New Order!
As my friends feverishly pack
their books which they will prodig
iously study during their furlough, I
write a long letter home preparing
my poor parents for the inevitable
grades which must soon reach them.
Goodbye, goodbye ....

