# Cards Face Big Stars In West Coast Relays
## 
### 
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
Stanford will he competing
against some of the top track
stars in the country tomorrow
when 20 varsity and four frosh
tracksters enter the West Coast
Relays at Fresno.
Among those competing in the
meet are David Tork (16-2) and
John Uelses (16 %), the only two
men ever to pole vault over 16
feet, Jay Sylvester, world record
holder in the discus, and Dyrol
Burleson, Oregon’s great distance
man.
Stanford is entering thi'ee re
lay teams, the Distance Medley,
composed of Ken Emanuels, Bill
Pratt, Robin Ruble, and Harry
McCalla; the two-mile relay of
Pratt. Ruble, McCalla, and Rich
Klier, and the one-mile relay of

Emanuels, Klier, Rich Chesarok,
and Phil Lamoreaux.

Two frosh are entering the in
vitation mile, Paul Schlicke, frosh
record holder with 4:14.4, and
Harlan Andrews, 4:13 in the mile.
Frosh sprinter Larry Questad, en
tering the 100-yard dash, has run
9.7, and Phil Arnaudo (15.0) is
entered in the 120-yard high hur
dles.
Weightmen Dave Weill (189-11)
and Don Bell (169-9) are entering
(he discus against Sylvester.
Weill, with the best mark in the
NCAA this year, could upset the
record holder. Art Batchelder
(241-5 ] i), second best in the
AAWU, is entering the javelin.
Steve Arch (56-114), third best in
the AAWU, is entered in the shot.
Indians Phil White, in the pole
vault; Steve Cortwright, in the
hop, step, and jump, and 120-yard
highs; Chuck Barth, in the broad
jump; and John Fontius, Clayton
Raaka, and John Haynie, in the
high jump, are also entered at
Fresno.
