# Majors Program to Inform Undeclared
## 
### 
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
A special Majors Program
will be presented by Stanford
Today and Tomorrow next
Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings in Wilbur lounges. The
purpose is lo provide accu
rate information to unde
clared students aland pos
sible major fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., well
informed faculty members
will speak briefly on their de
partments. Related fields will
be presented together so that
students may compare them.
Requirements, opportunities
and qualifications will be
staled, as well as the general
philosophies of various de
partments. Question periods
will follow.
A full listing of the sub
jects to be covered, faculty
lo participate and discussion
locations will he carried in
next week’s Daily.
