# NAVY "AT HOME" AT WEST COAST HARBORS TO HONOR ROOSEVELT
## 
### 
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
The United States Navy will be "at
home" to the people of the United
States on October 27, the birthday of
President Theodore Roosevelt, in
honor of the man "who saw so clearly
the relation of sea power to the
growth of the Nation," according to a
statement released by the Naval De
partment.
Five ships, including the U.S.S. New
Mexico, the Tennessee, the Holland,
the Aroostook and the S-14. will be
detailed to Oakland, but will be sta
tioned in San Francisco. The U.S.S.
Lavallette, the Somers, and the S-17
will be stationed at Oakland and can
be reached from the foot of Broad
way. The Moody will be stationed at
Benicia, the Hull at Martinez, the
Wood, the Yarborough, the Litchfield,
the S-15, the S-16, the S-42, and the
S-43 at Mare Island.
The public is cordially invited to
visit these vessels, and University
students are urged to do so by Cap

tain S. W. Nimitz of the Naval j
R.O.T.C. The ships are expected to
arrive at ports listed on October 25 j
and leave on Ocotber 2S.
