# Girl Killed Instantly As Train Wrecks Car At Railroad Crossing
## 
### 
Struck by the southbound Shoreline
Limited at the Embarcadero Southern
Pacific crossing in Palo Alto, Mary
Collins Harris, 17, Palo Alto Junior
College student, was instantly killed,
and Max Springer, 18, also a student,
was badly injured while the two were
driving to school in Springer's coupe
yesterday morning. The accident oc
curred at 8:50 o'clock.
Miss Harris was the daughter of
Dr. and Mrs. M. E. Harris of Atasca
dero, and was staying with Mr. and
Mrs. Edward P. Crane in Palo Alto
while attending the junior college.
She had been accustomed to riding to
school every morning with Springer.
Warning Disregarded
Springer is a brother of John Y.
Springer, Stanford Economics instruc
tor, and the son of John E. Springer,
'00, Palo Alto attorney. He graduated
from Palo Alto High School last year,
where he was commissioner of ath
letics and a member of the football
team.
In the opinion of Ephraim Bennett,
flagman at the S.P. crossing, who de
clared he had flagged the coupe,
Springer saw the flag but did not see
the approaching train and disregarded
the warning.
