# DAVES PROPERTY MAN
## 
### 
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
Delmer Daves, '27, is property man
under James Cruz at the Metropolitan
Studios in Hollywood. Daves took an
active part in dramatics while on the
campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha
Cpsiloo fraternity.
