# ARE CHURCH MEMBERS
## 
### 
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
More than 75 per cent of tho stu
dents of the University of Oregon are
members of some church, or have a
church preference.
