# PLEDGE REQUIRED
## 
### 
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
Every student enrolled in the Uni
versity of the Philippines is required
to sign a pledge of loyalty and obe
dience to the university regulations.
