# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
Fencing is a popular sport for both
men and women at the University of
Hawaii.
