# MORE ROOMS NEEDED TO HOUSE DELEGATES AT PRESS CONVENTION
## Annual Meeting Will Start Friday Morning; Expect 300 Attendance 
### 
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
With the arrival of the first dele
sates to the California Intercsholastic
Press Association Convention this
evening the need for more rooms to
house 300 visitors is becoming more
acute. Nearly 150 additional accom
modations for Friday night will be
required, according to Lynn Brarn
kamp, chairman of the housing com
mittee.
The convention, held annually at
Stanford under the auspices of the
Journalism Department, will open
with the registration of delegates on
Friday morning in the Assembly Hall
and will end Saturday with the elec
tion of officers and the announcement
of awards. Delegates from as far south
as Needles, and as far north as Chico,
will attend. Many southern California
schools will send representatives.
Eighty Schools Represented
Eighty schools with an average
delegation of four apiece will be
represented. Each Institution will send
a faculty advisor and two or three
members of the editorial and business
staffs of its paper.
Chester Rowell, San Francisco
writer and publicist, will address the
convention on Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the Assembly Hall. Round
table discussions on the planning of
annuals, feature writing, humor col
umns, newspaper make-up, and staff
organization will be one of the fea
tures of the meeting. Representatives
of Stanford publications will speak at
the Friday afternoon sessions. Win
ston Norman, Chaparral, and Stephen
O'Donnell and Fred Speers, Stanford
Daily, and Andrew Blake and Herbert
Reynolds, Quad, will speak at the
various Friday afternoon sessions.
