# NOTICE
## 
### 
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
Examination in Introduction to Real
Property to be held on Wednesday
morning will cover the work of the
entire quarter up to and including
Friday, February 1.
