# NOTICE
## 
### 
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
Intramural Basketball Committee j
meets 4 p.m. Wednesday in C. W.
Davis' office to determine method of
playing off intramural finals.
