# Philolexian.
## 
### 
The meeting of the Philolexian
Literary Society last Saturday
night was very well attended. The
tirst part of the evening was de
voted to the extemporaneous work,
and was as follows: Review of "Tom
Jones,'' by Elias, '99; debate, "Re
solved, That in view of the situation
in Turkey, England should imme
diately force the Dardanelles"; af
firmative, Roth rock, '98; negative,
Lillard, '98; speech by Murphy, '98,
"Debating Societies"; Ilennion, '98,
and Irwin, '00, spoke on "Great
statesmen"; the subject "Our foot
ball outlook," was discussed by
Fisher, '98. The regular program
was as follows: Debate, "Resolved,
That the purification of American
politics is dependant upon univer
sity graduates entering into politi
cal life"; affirmative, Tucker, '98,
and Irwin, '98; negative, Bradley,
'99, and Coolidge, '98; the judges
decided in favor of the negative.
The meeting of the Philolexian
Literary Society last Saturday
night was very well attended. The
tirst part of the evening was de
voted to the extemporaneous work,
and was as follows: Review of "Tom
Jones,'' by Elias, '99; debate, "Re
solved, That in view of the situation
in Turkey, England should imme
diately force the Dardanelles"; af
firmative, Roth rock, '98; negative,
Lillard, '98; speech by Murphy, '98,
"Debating Societies"; Ilennion, '98,
and Irwin, '00, spoke on "Great
statesmen"; the subject "Our foot
ball outlook," was discussed by
Fisher, '98. The regular program
was as follows: Debate, "Resolved,
That the purification of American
politics is dependant upon univer
sity graduates entering into politi
cal life"; affirmative, Tucker, '98,
and Irwin, '98; negative, Bradley,
'99, and Coolidge, '98; the judges
decided in favor of the negative.
The meeting of the Philolexian
Literary Society last Saturday
night was very well attended. The
tirst part of the evening was de
voted to the extemporaneous work,
and was as follows: Review of "Tom
Jones,'' by Elias, '99; debate, "Re
solved, That in view of the situation
in Turkey, England should imme
diately force the Dardanelles"; af
firmative, Roth rock, '98; negative,
Lillard, '98; speech by Murphy, '98,
"Debating Societies"; Ilennion, '98,
and Irwin, '00, spoke on "Great
statesmen"; the subject "Our foot
ball outlook," was discussed by
Fisher, '98. The regular program
was as follows: Debate, "Resolved,
That the purification of American
politics is dependant upon univer
sity graduates entering into politi
cal life"; affirmative, Tucker, '98,
and Irwin, '98; negative, Bradley,
'99, and Coolidge, '98; the judges
decided in favor of the negative.
The meeting of the Philolexian
Literary Society last Saturday
night was very well attended. The
tirst part of the evening was de
voted to the extemporaneous work,
and was as follows: Review of "Tom
Jones,'' by Elias, '99; debate, "Re
solved, That in view of the situation
in Turkey, England should imme
diately force the Dardanelles"; af
firmative, Roth rock, '98; negative,
Lillard, '98; speech by Murphy, '98,
"Debating Societies"; Ilennion, '98,
and Irwin, '00, spoke on "Great
statesmen"; the subject "Our foot
ball outlook," was discussed by
Fisher, '98. The regular program
was as follows: Debate, "Resolved,
That the purification of American
politics is dependant upon univer
sity graduates entering into politi
cal life"; affirmative, Tucker, '98,
and Irwin, '98; negative, Bradley,
'99, and Coolidge, '98; the judges
decided in favor of the negative.
