# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is an encouraging sign of in
creasing political activity among
our students tliat both Republicans
and Democrats were interested in
the primaries this year, and that
nearly all who were registerd took
part in the selection of the dele
gates.
It is an encouraging sign of in
creasing political activity among
our students tliat both Republicans
and Democrats were interested in
the primaries this year, and that
nearly all who were registerd took
part in the selection of the dele
gates.
It is an encouraging sign of in
creasing political activity among
our students tliat both Republicans
and Democrats were interested in
the primaries this year, and that
nearly all who were registerd took
part in the selection of the dele
gates.
It is an encouraging sign of in
creasing political activity among
our students tliat both Republicans
and Democrats were interested in
the primaries this year, and that
nearly all who were registerd took
part in the selection of the dele
gates.
