# Mexican Night Features Dances
## 
### 
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
The I-Center will play host to
Stanford's Mexican students this
Saturday. 8 p.m. to midnight,
when they present the Mexican
Evening Abroad.
The program is designed to
give participating students an in
sight into Mexican culture and to
allow them to get acquainted
with visiting students from Mex
ico. There will be no admission
charge.
Two guitarists will accompany
folk-singing Walter Richter, an
Austrian, will show slides of Mex
ico from the point of view of an
outsider viewing the country.
Mexican students will teach the
Cha Cha Cha, Mambo. and Mere
cumbe. Games will be available
for small groups, and authentic
Mexican refreshments will be
served.
