# Announcements
## 
### 
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
FRIDAY
Freshman Hop Committee, usual
place.
SATURDAY
Freshman men meet in Encina Club
room, 4 p.m.
Phi Alpha Delta. —Kappa Alpha
house, 3.
MONDAY
Encina discussion groups at 7.
