# LEAGUE PACT IN FAR EAST
## 
### Professor P.J. Treat 
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
rpHE peace treaties, so far as they
affect the Far East, will be de
signed to determine the future rela
tions between Germany and her allies,
and the three eastern countries which
entered the war against them, namely,
Japan, Siam, and China. Considerable
confusion has arisen because China
hoped, at the peace conference, to
secure a settlement of some of her
controversies with the associated pow
ers, mainly with Japan. But with
these disputes among the associated
powers themselves the peace confer
ence had no concern.
Of the three eastern belligerents,
Japan rendered the most service to
the allies, capturing the German base
at Kiaochow, in China, and the Mar
shall and Caroline Islands. She also
rendered valuable naval services, sup
plied Russia with much of the war
material which she needed, and took
part in the Siberian intervention.
China, for various reasons, could do
nothing directly for the allies, al
though Chinese citizens rendered
much service in labor corps. Siam,
also, contributed little directly.
The draft of the German treaty pro
vides that Germany shall lose all her
overseas possessions. The leasehold
of Kiaochow .which has seventy-eight
years to run, passes to Japan, as well
as the German railroads, mines and
cables in Shantung province. Japan
has formally promised China to re
store the leasehold to Chinese sov
ereignty, but she cannot do this until
after the treaty of peace is signed and

ratified, for until that date the ter
ritory is still a German property. It
is understood that Japan will be the
mandatory for the Marshall aud Caro
line Islands in the North Pacific.
China is to receive all German pub
lic property, except diplomatic and
consular establishments, outside of
Kiaochow. This includes the valuable
concessions (settlements) at Hankow
and Tienstin. She is relieved also
from her payments of the Boxer in
demnity to Germany. The sum due
Germany (and Austria) thus remitted
probably amounts to about $70,000,-
000. The ancient astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking in 1901 and
set up before the Kaiser's palace at
Potsdam are to be restored at Ger
many's expense.
Siam receives all German public
property in the kingdom, except diplo
matic and consular establishments.
She also gains relief from the extra
territorial privileges possessed by
Germans.
The amount of financial reparation
due Japan, China and Siam for their
losses during the war will be deter
mined by the interallied reparation
commission. Japan, and probably
China and Siam, will be entitled to
some of the German merchant ships.
But far beyond these material gains
arising from the settlement with Ger
many are the anticipated benefits of
the League of Nations. If the League
functions as its advocates believe,
then all nations will benefit, but espe
cially those of the Far East. Japan
will be freed from the burden of ar-
maments which she had to assume to
gain independence from and equality
with the western states. China may
ask for international aid to take the
place of the separate foreign conces
sions which now threaten her sov
ereign rights, and international co
operatibn will take the place of na
tional rivalries in helping to restore
order and prosperity to China.
