# Lost Morale
## 
### 
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
"That boy seems to have utterly
lost his nerve."
"Yes. He hasn't any more courage
than if he were a member of the ad
ministration confronted by a commit
tee of labor delegates."—Life.
