# Smoker Committee Appointed.
## 
### 
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
President Cutler of the Junior
class to-day completed the commit
tee to make plans for a class ban
quet and smoker. The committee
consists of C. A. Beardsley, E. V.
Henley, and L. R. Weinmann,
chairman.
