# Teaching Abroad: Topic For Peace Corps Panel
## 
### 
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
Three returned volunteers will
discuss challenges and problems
met by teachers in the Peace
Corps tonight at 8:15 p.m. in
the Small Lounge of Tresidder.
Their experiences cover the
spectrum of Peace Corps teach
ing: Fred Bonney taught in a
Philippine elementary school,
Bill Shurtleff in a Nigerian sec
ondary school, and Maury
Stearns in a Venezuelan univer
city.

Also on the panel will be Dr.
David Abernathy of the Politi
cal Science Department who re
cently completed research on
politics and education in Ni
geria.
Dale Evans, who has taught
in Uganda under the Columbia
University Teachers for East
Africa program, will lead the
panel.
Noting that' teaching consti
tutes more than half the Peace
Corps assignments, Evans com
mented, "We'll talk about how
you communicate the idea of a
railroad to people who have
never seen anything even re
motely comparable, and how
you go about teaching a class
that has as students some Cabi
net ministers of the country.
"We'll try to answer questions
ranging from how you deal with
cheating in class to what meth
ods you use to instigate change
in a highly structured institu
tion like a university."
