# Swinger
## 
### 

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.

Swinging Frank Duffy displays
his style that has established
him as one of the top hitters in
the conference.
