# Board To Consider On-Campus Liquor
## 
### JAN WELLS 
Whether Stanford will become le
gally wet this year may be decided
today by the Board of Trustees.
At their last meeting, the Trustees
received a report proposing that cam
pus liquor policy be revised to "con
form to the law of the state of Cali
fornia."
Today they will consider recommen
dations made by President Wallace
Sterling, based on that report.
Liquor-in-Residenoe
Prepared for Sterling by the Stu
dent Affairs and Services Committee
and approved by the Committee of
Fifteen, the report recommended that
students over 21 be allowed to drink
alcoholic beverages in residences and
eating clubs.
Also included in the report were
suggestions that Stanford and other
universities "seriously consider" tak
ing an active role in urging the state
to lower the drinking age from 21 to
18 and that the possibility of estab
lishing a campus Rathskeller that
would serve beer and wine be studied.
If regulations are revised, the re
port would piace responsibility for en
forcement with the student judicial
councils.
No Rathskeller?
Sterling's recommendations will
probably not entail all the suggestions
included in the report, however. Ac
cording to reliable sources, the estab
lishment of a campus Rathskeller is
omitted from the formal recommenda
tion.
At present, liquor is legally permit
ted only in faculty homes, married
students' housing in Escondido Vil
lage, and the new Faculty Club.
