# Teach-In Tonight, Protest Tomorrow
## 
### MARSHALL SCHWARTZ 
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
Staniord activists begin a
busy week tonight with a teach
in on "Imperialism and Racism"
at 8 in Cubberley Auditorium,
followed tomorrow by an early
morning rally in Oakland at the
Induction Center.
The teach-in, sponsored by

Students for a Democratic Soci
ety, will feature James O'Con
nor, professor of economics at
San Jose State, who will talk
on "The Economic Causes and
Consequences of Imperialism,"
and Martin Nocolaus, professor
of sociology at Simon Frazer
University, who will discuss
"The Problem of Imperialist
Breakdown."
Welvin Stroud, a Ravenswood
history teacher and member of
the Black Janthers, will speak
on the Panthers' program for
the soli tion of Oakland's racial
economic problems.
Tomorrow's rally in Oakland
is sponsored by Stop the Draft
Week, (STDW), the Black Pan
thers, and the Peace and Free
dom Party. It will ba followed
by a march to the Alameda
County Courthouse in support
of jailed Panther leader Huey
P. Newton.
Speakers at the rally will in
clude H. Bruce Franklin, associ
ate professor of English; Bobby
Seale, Panther chairman; Kath
leen Cleaver, another Panther
officer; Bob Avakian of the
Peace and Freedom Party; Paul
Jacobs, senatorial candidate of
Peace and Freedom; and several
Bay Area clergymen.
There is also a good possibil
ity Marlon Brando will speak at
the Induction Center, Franklin
said.
The rally will be peaceful, ac
cording to STDW literature.
Lasting from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m.,
the demonstrations will block
the busses of inductees because
of the crowds in the streets.
Therefore the planners of the
protest have written to the Oak
land police asking that the
busses not be brought through
during the demonstration.
Franklin said the latest word
he had was that there was a
possibility the inductees would
be brought in at 6 a.m., an hour
earlier than usual.
The STDW letter also said,
"We are fully prepared to main
tain our discipline over the
people there. People present
there will not attack the Cen
ter, vandalize property or at
tempt to maintain the demon
stration there past the staled
time limit."
According to Franklin, the
group will probably get a per
mit for the march, but not for
the rally.
Plans have not been made for
what STDW will do if the
busses are brought in during
the demonstration. "It will be
up to the people who are there
what happens," Franklin said.
A car pool will leave for the
rally at 5:30 tomorrow morn
ing from the Tresidder parking
lot. Information on and plans
for the demonstration will be
available after tonight's teach
in.
