# Stanford Coed Escapes From Would-Be Abductor
## 
### 
A Stanford girl told police an
armed man tried to kidnap her
Friday night between 11:30 and
midnight as she was walking
along Mayficld Avenue.
Lieut. Leon Talesfore of the
Santa Clara County sheriff's of
fice described him as a male
Negro around 20 years old, be
tween 5'10" and six feet tall,
with dark bushy hair, and of
medium build. The man was
wearing a yellow metal earring
in his left ear.
The girl reported walking in
front of the Delta Chi house
when the man approached her,
asking directions. He then pull
ed a hand gun on her, telling
her to get into his car. He told
her not to act strange or funny,
she said.

She was forced to remain with
him until a car appeared to slow
down on Mayfield, and the girl
told the man she knew the peo
ple in the car. While his atten
tion was diverted, th<-> girl ran
into the Delta Chi house and
escaped without injury.
Talesfore said the man's de
scription matches that of th?
gunman who forced another
Stanford girl into his car last
Tuesday around 11:30, the same
time as the second attack. He
drove to the Sharon Heights
area and raped her.
The county sheriff's office is
proceeding on an investigation.
Girls have been cautioned by
the resident associates not to
walk alone at night to their
residences.
