# OREGON U. GETS LAND
## 
### 
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
! WASHINGTON, March 4. (/-J 1 ) —
President Hoover signed a bill to
day authorizing the Secretary of
War to convey to the University of
Oregon certain lands forming a part
1 of the Coos Head River and Harbor
Reservation.
A rare specimen of silver in the
form of a 260-pound mass has been
sent to the Smithsonian Institution
i from Ontario.
