# FENCING CLUB PHOTO TO BE TAKEN TODAY
## 
### 
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
President Jack Snyder stated yes- |
terday that the Quad picture of the
Foils and Mask Club would be taken
today in the Union court at 1 :P»0
o'clock. All members are especially
urged to be present for the picture.
At the regular meeting of the or
ganization last night it was an
nounced that no further business
meetings would be held this quar
ter, due to the coining finals.
