# EDUCATION SOCIETY WILL AWARD PRIZE TO THESIS WRITER
## 
### 
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
A biennial award of $1,000 for the
most meritorious thesis on "The
Measurement of Efficiency in Teach
ing" has just been announced by
Kappa Delta Pi, national education
honor society.

Dean E. P. Cubberley of the edu
cation school and Dr. L. M. Terman
of the psychology department are
members of the laureate chapter of
the organization which will judge
contributions after the executive
council has approved them. Other
members of the committee are John
Dewey and E. L. Thorndike of
Columbia University, and Henry
Suzzallo, '99, president of the Car
negie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Education.

The contest is open to "anyone,
anywhere," according to the an
nouncement, and approved papers
will be published in the society's
monograph series. Papers should be
in the hands of E. I. F. Williams,
Heidelberg College, Tiffin, Ohio.
