# Hoover Honors Showing Here
## Foreign Countries' Gifts Now on Display 
### 
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
An exhibit of gifts and insignia
presented to former President Her
bert Hoover in recognition of his
leadership in American relief and
reconstruction work in Europe dur
ing and after the World War is now
on display in the show cases of the
general library and the Hoover War
Library.
A majority of the articles on ex
hibit were received by Mr. Hoover
during his recent European trip,
which he described as a "sentimental
journey" to the countries in which
the widespread activities of the
Commission for Relief in Belgium
and the American Relief Adminis
tration were carried on.
Among the exhibits are diplomas
and hoods conferred on Mr. Hoover
by universities in Belgium, Czecho
slovakia, Austria, and Finland; a
facsimile of the charter of Charles
University, Prague, 1348; a song
composed for the children of War
saw in gratitude for aid given Pol
ish children; specially printed and
illustrated books dealing with the
history of different cities and uni
versities, and testimonials from
many cities and institutions.
