# Costume Sketches Now on Display
## 
### 
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
Sketches of *he costumes for "Ca
mille of Roaring Camp," "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," and ''Gringo's Gam
ble," the Division of Speech and
Drama's summer play program, wil
be exhibited in the Stanford Art
Gallery during June and July.
The sketches, which were on dis
play at the San Francisco Public
Library last week, are of costumes
worn in the period from 1840 to
1870. The work was done by stu
dents under the direction of Mrs.
Helen Green, costuming instructor.
Chrysella Kiler, director of cos
tumes at the Palo Alto Community
Theater, designed many gowns for
"Camille of Roaring Camp" and
these are being loaned to the pro
duction by the Community Play
ers. The rest of the costumes for
this play are by Kay Bain, who,
with Mrs. Green, also designed
many of the hats .
