# Group Studies Language Arts
## Research To Cover Language Teaching 
### 
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
The Stanford Language Arts In
vestigation is a "co-operative proj
ect to improve the teaching of lan
guage in secondary schools and in
junior colleges," according to Hol
land D. Roberts, assistant profes
sor of Education, who with Pro
fessors Walter V. Kaulfers and
Grayson N. Kefauver, is in charge
of the investigation. The plan in
volves the study of teaching meth
ods of English and foreign languages.
There are 88 teachers, of which
approximately 80 per cent are Eng
lish teachers, from 21 schols. These
schools represent 11 school systems
from Seattle, Wash., to Phoenix,
Ariz.
The investigation is a four weeks'
course for three consecutive years.
During the session the visiting
teachers are admitted to any courses
which they choose to attend, and
they formulate teaching plans
which they work out at their own
schools. During the actual opera
tion of these plans, members of the
Stanford faculty visit and confer
with the teachers, giving them the
necessary advice and help. In each
successive year of the investigation
the teachers return to Stanford to
further check their plans and make
improvements in their procedures.
"The co-operative and voluntary
nature of the investigation," said
Roberts, "leads to more interest on
the part of those attending than if
they were required to be here."
The staff of 10 that is conducting
the research includes I. A. Rich
ards, visiting lecturer from Cam
bridge University, English, who
will return next year to aid the Stan
ford Language Arts Investigation.
