# Applicants to Med School on the rise
## 13 percent increase is record high 
### Cametra Thompson Staff writer 
Despite anticipated changes in
the medical profession and a
slumping economy that hurt de
mand for other professional
schools, applications for admis
sion to the School of Medicine in
creased this year by a record 13
percent.
Many of the 6,387 students
competing for the 86 spaces in
Stanford's incoming class have
the same reasons for applying,

said Judith Colwell, assistant di
rector of the Medical School Ad
missions Office: "Most of them
want to help people, either
through research or clinical
work."
Colwell said, though, that she is
not sure what caused the sharp in
crease, noting that Stanford's
record-breaking applicant pool re
flects a nationwide trend of soar
ing numbers of applications to
medical schools.
Nationally, applications for
last year's entering class
increased by 14.4 percent and
broke the 1974 record. Of the
42,808 students who applied to
medical schools in 1993, only
17,362 were accepted.
Medical schools also saw a 15
percent increase in women appli
cants and a 17 percent increase
in applications from underrepre
sented minorities, according to
the American Association of
Medical Colleges.
Patty Shea, a spokesperson
for the association, said she
believes one of the reasons for
the increase is that medicine "is
a recession-proof occupation,"

which accounts for its popularity
at a time when business school
applications are decreasing.
"Medical careers are still as
interesting and intellectually
challenging as they have always
been and offer tremendous
opportunities for students,"
Shea said.
Senior Henry Tseng, who is
currently applying to master's
and doctorate programs at 14
medical schools, said he was
attracted to the medical field by
the opportunity to do research
that impacts human lives.
Tseng said that while he is
confident he has a good chance
of being accepted to medical
school, many of the admissions
decisions often depend on luck,
especially with the interviewing
process. "If the interviewer has
had a bad day, that could seri

ously hurt your chances," he
said.
Elisa Ong, a senior who has
applied to about 20 medical
schools, said she has had a
long-standing interest in
medicine that she explored dur
ing her high school and college
years.
"I am concerned about the
numbers of applicants, of course,
because it reduces my chances of
getting in, even after four years
of hard work," Ong said. She
added, however, that she thinks
the competition makes her work
that much harder.
"If you're really dedicated to
it, you will stick with it, and if
you don't get in this year, you
can apply again next year," she
said.a good working knowledge of
the basic issues, and she's just
wonderful for the position."
