# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
I .
J
Shirt Problem f
Here's a quick solution to any shirt problem —
Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's
the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump,
and Dart. There's ihe Arrow Sussex with the wide
spread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there's
that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford,
both with the regular collar and the button-down
collar. 52.23 up.
See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites,
and don't forget to get some of those eye-filling,
wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They're tops! $1 up.
* BUY U. S. WAR BONOS AND STAMPS *
ARROW SHIRTS
