# WE MET EM THE LAST TIME, TOO
## 
### 

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.

LAST YEAR, Charley Fears, left, and Stu McKenzie were the Bruins' starting tackles. This year Fears is
UCLA's captain and McKenzie, who dislocated an elbow in the Oregon game and was out for the rest of the
season, will be senior manager until he gets his commission as an infantry lieutenant.
