# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
NOTICE TO
SENIOR MEN STUDENTS
It you require funds to
complete your education,
apply to the undersigned.
STEVENS BROS.
FOUNDATION INC.
610-612 Endicott Bids;.
St. Paul, Minn.
Phone CApital 2-5184
