# Men Sponsor Forms Due
## 
### 
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
Clyde Wyant, Wilbur Hall hoad
sponsor, reported yesterday that
Moinday is the deadline for spon
sor applications. Wyant, chairman
of the sponsor selection commit
tee, reminds those who are inter
ested that the application forms
arc available in the Wilbur Hall
office.
"What we are seeking," Wyant
said, "is an upperclassman with a
variety of qualifications: a com
mitment to high personal stand
ards, a mature attitude towards
education, a genuine interest in
the sponsor program, and a sin
cere personality."
Wyant also outlined the process
by which sponsors are chosen.
After filling out the application
form one applicant will make an
appointment to he interviewed by
a committee of five present spon
sors. The interviews will be kept
relatively short and will be infor
mal.
"For all of us concerned, spon
soring has been a most rewarding
and exciting experience. I urge
all those who are interested in
perpetuating this program to ap
ply as soon as possible," Wyant
said.
