# D. P. A. HAS LEASED DIRECT WIRE FOR BASEBALL SERIES
## 
### 
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
Stanford will gel the results of the
coming World's Scries direct from the
east. The Daily Palo Alio has arranged
with the United Press to get the results
play by play every half inning. A meg
aphone and score hoard will announce
the progress of the games at the Union
starting Monday morning at eleven
o'clock. A detailed account of each
day's game will appear in the Daily
