# CORDS WILL FEATURE JOLLY-UP TONIGHT
## 
### 
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
Campus society receives the opening
jolt of the year tonight when '23 krows
the first dance of the year. The affair
will be replete with old time customs
from cords to the time honored cut in
dance of the single semi ruff. The Sophs
secured the date at the cud of the Spring
quarter and have been working on the
details of the dance throughout the sum
mer with a view to making the dance a
thorough success. This is the firsl socal
event of the season and all members of
the student body are cordially invited to
put in an attendance and help the fun
along.
Tonight there is no limit to the age <»f
the dancers, permission has been given
and a special invitation extended In the
incoming crop of '24. Members of the
dance committee will he on hand to help
the bashful swains in securing "the
pleasure of this dance." Refreshments
will he furnished by the popular campus
confectioners. The dance will start at
9p. m. ami the admission seventy-five
cents single "t" ensweet.
