# Mrs. Mears To Describe World Tour
## 
### 
Mrs. Eliot G. Mears, wife of Pro
fessor Eliot G. Mears of the Grad
uate School of Business, will de
scribe her recent world tour before
the regular meeting of the Stanford
Dames in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday afternoon at 2:130 o'clock.
During her trip, Mrs. Mears made an
unusually complete collection of
dolls from every nation, which will
be exhibited during the afternoon.
Stanford Dames is composed of the
wives of Stanford students and is af
filiated with simlar organizations on
numerous campuses throughout the
country. The local group was or
ganized in 1920 under the leader
ship of Mrs. William M. Proctor, wife
jof the late Professor William M.
Proctor of the School of Education.
I GROUP OFFICERS
Present officers of the group are
Mrs. Everett H. Breed, president;
Mrs. Albert Earle, vice-president;
Mrs. Donald R. Van Patten, treasur
er; Mrs. John F. Carson, correspond
ing secretary; and Mrs. Charles H.
Cutler, recording secretary. Fac
ulty wives who act as sponsors of
the organization include Mrs. James
P. Baumberger, Mrs. John D. Dodds,
Mrs. Paul R. Hanna, Mrs. William G.
Hoover, and Mrs. Theodore J.
Kreps.
Five special interest groups, which
meet two or more times each month,
are organized for Dames members.
Chairmen of these groups are Mrs.
Wells S. Brimhall, sewing; Mrs.
Richard W. Van Waganen, euthen
ics; Mrs. Roliin L. McNitt, bridge;
Mrs. Fred R. Minor, cultural events;
and Mrs. Thurlow M. Gordon, Jr.,
reading.
GROUP ENLARGED
This year, for the first time, wives
of assistants in instruction and re
search, who are not included in the
Faculty Women's Club, are eligible
for membership in the Stanford
Dames. Approximately 75 wives now
compose the group, which meets
every Tuesday and Thursday after
noons and every other Wednesday
evening. Many of its parties are
given for the husbands as well as
their wives.
