# Work on Parking Lot to Continue
## 
### 
"Completion of the new parking
lot behind the new Education Build
ing will not occur for at least an
other couple of weeks," said A. L.
Trowbridge, assistant comptroller,
yesterday. The fact that grading
equipment has been needed else
where during the past week has held
up work on the parking lot.
Plans at present call for a paved
area extending from Escondido
Street up to a point a good hundred
feet from the south wall of the
library. The lot will be striped and
reserved for the faculty alone.
Belief that earth dragged to the
east side of the lot would be an
other parking lot, was grounded by
Mr. Trowbridge, who stated that
additional ground was being leveled
for the sole purpose of preventing
damaging drain water from flowing
toward the Education Building.
