# Captain Eyston Fined for Speeding
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
LONDON, Nov. 15 (UP).—Captain !
George E. T. Eyston can drive as fast
as he wishes on the Utah salt flats, 1
but the London city streets aren't i
given to carrying speedy traffic.
Captain Eyston found this out i
yesterday when he was fined $5 for
traveling 37' v miles an hour. The
speed limit is 30 miles per hour. He 1
was flagged down by a traffic police- i
man on the Victoria embankment. !
