# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
Efl?
You look fine in a
HEIDCAP.
Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cap cloths.
SIMPSON has. them
Exclusive Agent
