# Adv. 18 Page 7
## 
### 
historical data on corporate
bonds are being complied at the
Graduate School of Business and
your RA can be invaluable.
$15/ hour. E-mail Professor llya
Strebulaev @ the GSB:
istrebulaev@stanford.edu
Seeking part-time companion for
older woman in MR near Safeway 4-
6hrs/wk @$20/ hr. Requires car+ref
erences. Email Casey: alt.caseyc
@gmail.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
$18/ hr office work for Palo Alto
business, 2 blocks from campus.
Part time work through school
year & summer, 8-20 hrs/week.
Call Peter LeVine (650) 493-2258
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Light office work for Palo Alto
