# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
It is seldom that those outside
of the Junior Class who wish to
contribute to the expenses of the
Quad have an opportunity to do so
with so much pleasure to them
selves as they will next week. We
all know Ferris Hartman of the
Tivoli, and enjoy his entertain
ment, and many of us have had
the good fortune to hear Tom
Greene, so when the Quad manage
ment arranges to bring such men
to us to afford an hour's enjoy
ment, we feel that we should be
congratulated.
