# Law Library and Office.
## 
### 
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
The Law department moved this
morning from its rooms in Encina
Hall to its new quarters in the
former library. Some of the old
shelving had been removed and the
place cleaned up. The shelves and
books of the department were car
ried over by students and set up
where the old delivery desk was lo
cated, thus dividing the room in
two. The law ofiice will be in the
old catalogii g room.
