# Adv. 15 Page 6
## 
### 
Their way
S
FINISH
You can save literally days of
work between now and grad
uation. Simply by using an HP
calculator. Tb keep you from
endlessly retracing your steps,
ours have built-in shortcuts.
Such as the unique HP Solve
function for creating your own
formulas. Menus, labels and
prompts. Program libraries.
Algebraic or RPN models.
Better algorithms and chip
design help you finish much
faster and more accurately
than t heir way. So, whether
you're in engineering, busi
ness, finance, life or social
sciences, we've got the best
calculator for you. For as
little as $49.95. Check it out
at your campus bookstore
or HP retailer.
Our way
P
□
-~T
nju
l_
n
71
5
ft
C
- H
3r=
i
L_
r!
2
1
J
3
n
*
588
■ft
/
1
FINISH
There is a better way.
HEWLETT
PACKARD
ClM9Hrwlrtt l'n< knrd Cnmiwnv PGI2HOR
