# Weather Stops Tennis Play.
## 
### 
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
The long-continued rains have
greatly inconvenienced the tennis
players, and as a consequence no
tournament matches have been de
cided during the past week. The sec
ond of the three preliminary tryout
tournaments has just been begun,
leaving almost two entire tourna
ments besides the round robin to be
played off. Gowan has already quali
fied for the round robin.
