# Heath Will Lecture Wednesday.
## 
### 
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
Professor H. Ileath, associate pro
fessor in the department of Zoology,
will deliver a lecture on the recent
eruptions of Vesuvius on Wednesday
evening, March 27, at 8 o'clock in the
Chapel.
The lecture will he illustrated by
lantern slides of the eruption during
its early and later stages. The pic
tures were taken by Professor tloath
in April, 1906, when he witnessed the
eruption of the mountain. The cities
of Boscotrccese and Vitiello were de
stroyed at that time by the tlow of
lava from Vesuvius.
