# New Lecture Room for History.
## 
### 
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
lii the reconstruction of the dam
aged portion of the English building,
the Commission of Engineers has
made provision for a large lecture
room. Jt will be located on the sec
ond floor and will cover the space
formerly occupied by rooms 232 and
233. The lack of such a room has
heretofore greatly inconvenienced and
limited the membership of several of
the larger History and English
classes.
