# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
The following men were initi
ated into Phi Delta Kappa edu
cation fraternity Tuesday night:
Henry S. Bishop
John W. Cappleman
Thomas W. Chapman
Duncan E. Clark
Lloyd C. Elliott
Paul T. Jackson
Harold B. Jory
Chester C. Martin
Bruce E. Millikan
H. E. Stevenson
Ira Tweedy
Charles Yates
Donald H. Thompson
