# American Boy in Merger With Youths' Companion
## 
### 
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
The merging of two of the oldest
and best known juvenile periodicals
in America was completed yesterday
—that of the Youths' Companion and
The American Boy. Griffith Ogden
Ellis, president of the Sprague Pub
lishing Company, publishers of The
American Boy, announced that the
first number of the merged publica
tion will appear in October and will
be known as The American Boy Com
bined With the Youths' Companion.
