# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
There will be a meeting of the Stan
ford Dames in the Women's Club
house today at 3:00 p.m. Wives of
students are invited to attend.
