# WORLD'S GREATEST SCULPTURE EXHIBIT DESCRIBED BY CLARK
## 
### 
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
The largest sculpture exhibit ever
held, containing 1300 pieces, at the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco, could not be of better
quality, is the opinion of Professor
A. B. Clark, who lectured yesterday
morning in the Little Theatre.

Clark explained that the exhibit will
not be shown in any other place, and
that it has been installed and ar
ranged by the National Sculpture So
ciety. Although this society is funda
mentally conservative, they have in
cluded some modern pieces.

Photographs of many of the pieces,
taken for Professor Clark, were
thrown on the screen. Among these
were some of the works of Attilio
Piccirilli, with his fine sense of pro
portion and architectural structure;
of Edward McCartan, whose work is
live and vigorous; and of Jacob Ep
stein, an artist whose work often re
pels because of its unusual emotion.

Professor Clark considers Paul
Manship the outstanding sculptor of
the group. Extreme action, vigor, and
playfulness appear in his work along
with a primitive Greek spirit. His
figures are somewhat geometric and
perfectly balanced.

The collection, representing largely
academic art, contains pieces varying
in their interest because of composi
tion, geometric structure, simplicity
of line, and architectural motive.
