# UTICA BLASTED
## 
### 
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
UTICA, N.Y., Feb. 19 (/P).—Utica's
main business section was shaken
by a now blast of illuminating gas
this morning. It sent a manhole
cover 20 feet into the air and en
dangered the lives of a dozen city
officials.
