# CHI O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Hi lengrace Sawyer, '39.
