# PRISONERS FREED
## 
### 
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (TP).—An order
giving provisional liberty to more
l than 25,000 men and women po
litical prisoners throughout Spain
v/as issued tonight aftei Manuel
Azana formed a leftist cabinet.
