# Cast Is Chosen for 'Patience'; Reading To Be Given Jan. 20
## 
### 
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
Cast for "Patience," a satire by
Gilbert and Sullivan on "esthetic
poetics," has been announced by
Carol Eller, director.
The drama will be presented as a
play reading on Friday, January 20,
at 8:15 p.m. in the Little Theater.
Admission is free. Two scenes will
be staged with most of the musical
numbers left in; the rest of the
scenes will be read from script.
The cast includes Janet Karaha

dian, Violet Horvath, Anne Lawder,
Marilyn Hop wood, Van Kussrow,
George Denny, Frank Wolff, John
Stackpole, Bob Scott, Midge Price,
Pat Sepp, Nancy Langston, Sam
Miller, Larry Yust, and Pat Piyan.
All those who haven't handed in
scripts for Ram's Head's one - act
contest may turn them in to the
ASSU office between J) and 12 this
morning.
