# New Highway Worries USC
## 
### 
Residents of USC's fraternity and
sorority row heard bad news from
city and stale engineers in Los An-
Ueles last week some of the houses
may be forced to move to make way
for the eight-lane Harbor Freeway.
University officials are conferring
with the engineers to save the How,
which they estimate will make up
a $2,500,000 investment in five years.
The engineers said the tentative
route, planned through the heart of
the Row on Twenty-eighth Street,
will be changed if another accept
able path is found.
Houses which would be forced to
move arc Delta Zeta, Alpha Epsilon
Pi, Pi Kappa Alpha, Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi, Alpha Phi, Kap
pa Alpha, Phi Kappa Psi. Sigma Phi
Epsilon, and Alpha Omicron Pi.
