# Civil Service Offers Jobs
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service
Commission yesterday announced
openings for the positions of Con
tract Officer and Technical Assist
ant for the Veterans Administra
tion, and for a Correctional Admin
istrator and Correctional Assign
ment Specialist.
The Contract Officer and Assist
ant, who will work in Washington,
will receive a yearly salary of $ti,400
and $5,400. The Correctional Ad
ministrator and Assignment Spe
cialist, requested for work in Cali
fornia, Arizona,, and Nevada, will
receive entrance salaries of $5,400
and $4,G00.
No written test will be required
of applicants for these positions.
Pertinent education or training may
be substituted for experience.
Information and application forms
may be obtained at Window 1, Palo
Alto Post Office. Further informa
tion may be obtained from the
United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington 25, D.C., or
from regional offices.
