# Favor Block Circle "S" for Cross Country Men
## 
### 
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
To recommend to the Executive
Committee that cross-country men he
awarded the block circle "S" was the
decision reached by the Circle "S"
Society at its meeting last night.
This would make soccer, tennis, and
cross-country the University's first
class minor sports. Boxing, wrestling
and hockey were not discussed.
It was decided at last night's meet
ing that membership to the society
should be entirely elective. Hereto
fore, soccer and tennis men who re
ceived their Circle "S's" have been
automatically made members of the
organization.
