# Santa Clara Varsity Has Work-Out Here
## 
### 
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
Santa Clara's Varsity fifteen prac
ticed on the Cardinal turf this morn
ing to acquaint themselves with the
conditions here for the Hig Game.
There are no classes at the Mission
University on Wednesday and Von
Monderschied brought his whole force
up.
The men were put through a regular
practice and given a chance to get
acquainted with sun and wind when
kicking.
