# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
25
of the next
550
UNIVERSITY
CONSUMERS
SERVICE
members will receive free
portable radios along with
their $1 membership card.
