# Baez Will Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
Dr. Albeit V. Butv, physics pro
fessor, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers at the third an
nual regional conference of
school psychologists, guidance
workers, social workers and su
pervisors at the University of
San Francisco Friday and Satur
day.
