# Adv. 12 Page 6
## 
### 
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
An aid in locating the finest
in pharmacies, or if you prefer
free delivery service. Phone
24669.
1 I>l*l
CITY Otl'T
WALL I Pour.|
UNIVERSITY AVE
MEDICO
DtNTftl.
ftLDfr .
HAMILTON AVE.
fc . t
tr
2 ÜBIWI t
yi
I 5
Z <r
o >-
Z QC
£ (0 •
or
FO*W AVE
buck'S
pharmacy^
A
HOMER AVE
mo alto
CLINIC
All Health Needs
BECK'S
Pharmacy
265 Homer Avenue
Palo Alto
