# APARTMENT RENTS JUMP
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
SAN FRANCISCO. July 1 (UP).—
Apartment house owners were re
ported preparing leases for the 15
per cent rent increase. One owner of
700 units stated confidently that 75
percent of his tenants would sign.
One hotel notified tenants of a 50
percent increase but Henry Cross,
head of CTC rent controls said most
landlords were "proceeding cau
tiously to finding out where they
stand legally."
