# Hanna Returns From Trip East
## 
### 
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, returned to the campus
yesterday from Battle Creek, Mich.,
where he attended a three - day
meeting of the staff of the W. K.
Kellogg Foundation, for which he
serves as educational consultant.
Professor Hanna said a policy was
established for foundation grants
which next year will total more than
three million dollars. Foundation
projects are now being carried on
in 24 states and in Latin America,
China, and England. The state of
California is at present spending a
grant of $125,000 for health educa
tion.
