# Western Features Slated for Sunday
## 
### 
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
''Big-time, double-bill Western"
was the description of the Sunday
movie yesterday by Wes Nowell,
business manager of the summer
series.
The picture will be "Frontier
Badman" with Diana Barrymore,
Robert Paige, and Anne Gwynne,
and the serial is the usual "Flam
ing Frontier," chapter 7.
