# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


ACROSS
1 Frequently
change
positions
7 Jury member
11 Patty Hearst's
kidnappers:
Abbr.
14 Frosted pastry
15 'The Raven"
opener
16 Faddish '9os
disc
17 1958 Robert
Mitchum drama
19 GM had one in
Nov. 2010
20 Low digits
21 Buddhist sect
22 Roofing support
24 au vin
26 Dorm room
snack
28 Musical with the
song "Midway
Chase"
31 Like many eßay
items
32 Disco, for one
33 Photographer
Adams
36 Self-titled 1969
jazz album
40 70s-'Bos Haitian
president,
familiarly
44 Film lioness
45 Sports
46 Sup
47 Clothes line?
50 Prepare for online
publication
52 Early spring
shout
57 Beat the house
58 Offshore
eyesore, to some
59 Email forwarder's
intra
61 Idiot
64 Certain artery:
Abbr.
65 Bath fixtures, and
a hint to the starts
Of 17-, 26-, 40-
and 52-Across
68 Profs'aides
6 -kiri
70 Speedy
Gonzales cry
71 Intractable beast
72 Ex-Yankee
Pettitte
73 Empty

DOWN
1 Rocker Joan
2 Cinco y tres
3 Chesapeake Bay
delicacies
4 "MMMBop" band
5 Meteor tail?
6 Chief exec
7 Dirty fare
8 Ambient music
pioneer
9 Hallmark.com
offerings
10 Orangutan
11 Norwegian
Elkhound, for one
12 "J to tha L-Of
artist
13 Ancient market
18 room
23 Brother of Raul
25 Campus hangout
27 Beauts
28 Nixon confidant
Rebozo
29 Sea damaged by
Soviet irrigation
projects
30 Letters below
DEF
34 Jerk
35 Author LeShan
37 Prepare to

ambush
38 Page (through)

39 Pretentiously
showy
41 Arafat of the PLO
42 Pledge
43 From the top
48 Cuthbert of "24"
49 Knitting project
51 Black flies,
notably
52 Major artery
53 Deli pockets
54 Like May through
August, in away

55 Right
56 Caustic solution
60 Ahmadinejad's
land
62" safe and
warm if
"California
Dreamin" lyric
63 Winter Palace
resident
66 Old California fort
67 Charlemagne's
realm: Abbr.

By Bill Thompson 5/18/11

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. VIS/11


