# Police Blotter
## 
### 
The number-one concern of the
Stanford Police Department this
week is the security of personal
effects in fraternity houses.
Last week there was evidence
of prowlers around houses be-

tween the hours
of 3 and 6 a.m.
The Delta Chi's
have been vic
tims twice, with
losses in excess
of $100. Several
other houses
have reported
similar burgla
ries.
The police are
investigating tint

there is little actual evidence.
Thus far the culprit has been
heard but not seen.
Chief Davis emphasizes thai il
is the responsibility of each fra
ternity to lock the building, or
otherwise provide for the secu
rity of personal possessions. Ji
is wise to lock the front door of
the house, as one would in his
own home. Don't leave valuables
in view, or in easy access. A
burglar looks first in the backs
of drawers, and in such nooks
and crannies.
Berkeley warned the Stanford
police the weekend before regis
tration that Cal was suffering
thefts in fraternity houses, and
Stanford fraternities were duly
warned. Prowlers of this sort
often "visit" several campuses in
a certain area.
Berkeley police have a descrip
tion of a "sticky-fingered gent":
6-1 or slightly taller, long dark
hair, dark complexion, wearing
sport clothes. Any suspected per
son resembling this, description
should be reported to the police.


Chief Davis
