# A 						Phi O to Hold Open Meet Sunday
## 
### 
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
AI ph ?« Phi Omega service fra
ternity will hn holding an open
chapter meeting at Bowman
Alumni House on Sunday at 3:30
p.m.
