# Card wins Pac-10s
## 
### 
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
Los Angeles (AP) — Dave
Sims and John Moffet
sparked Stanford, ranked as
the nation's top college
swimming team, to its third
straight Pacific-10 Confer
ence swimming champion
ship Saturday night at East
Los Angeles College.
Sims set a conference
record of 14:50.50 in win
ning the 1650-yard
freestyle in the third and
final day of the competi
tion, while Moffet captured
the 200 breaststroke in
1:59.55.

Sims won the 500
freestyle race earlier in the
meet while Moffet was a
repeat winner in the 200
breaststroke event.
The Cardinal finished
with 458 points to 391 for
second-place UC-Berkeley.
UCLA wound up third with
300 points followed by
Arizona State with 284
points; USC with 182
points; Arizona with 179
points; Washington with 58
points and Oregon with 39
points.

Other winners Saturday
night were Michael Soder
lund of Cal in the 200 back
stroke with a time of
1:48.91; Matt Biondi of Cal
in the 100 freestyle with a
time of 44.03 seconds; Jon
Denney of Stanford in the
200 butterfly with a time
of 1:46.64; Tom Rothen
bucher of Stanford in the
three-meter diving event
with 513.10 points, and the
UCLA 400 freestyle relay
team with a Pac-10 champi
onship meet-record time of
2:54.92.
