# Sunday Movies Show 'Howards of Virginia'
## 
### 
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
"The Howards of Virginia,"
starring Cary Grant, will be
shown with chapter 11 of "The
Secret of Treasure Island" at the
Memorial Auditorium and the
Village Sunday, The movies will
start at p.m. at the Village and
at 7:150 in the .Memorial Audito
rium.
