# Stalnaker, Tresidder Make Eastern Trips
## 
### 
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
John M. Stalnakcr, Dean of
Students, loft yesterday for Wash
ington, D.C., where he will at
tend a meeting of the College En
trance Examination Hoard and will
also meet with a committee of (In
state Department. He is expected
to return early next week.
I)r. Tresiddcr is also expected
hack from New York early next
week.
