# Votes on Last Night's Excom Issues Listed
## 
### 
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
Ilerc is how your Exconi rep
resentatives voted on issues
brought before them last night:
Stanford Broadcast — Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes: Power, yes; Cos
tigaii, yes; 'I horeau, no vote;
Streetcr, yes; Burke, yes.
Rugby — Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
yes; Power, yes; Costigan, yes;
Thorcau, yes; Strecter, yes; Burke,
yes.
Yell leader eligibility—Eckstein,
yes; Wilbur, yes; Power, yes;
Costigan yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Approval of Village areas—
Eckstein, yes; Wilbur, yes; Power,
ves; Costigan, yes; Thorcau, yes;
Strecter, yes; Burke, yes.
Lowering parking fines — Eck
stein. no; Wilbur, no; Power, no;
Costigan, no; Thorcau, no; Strect
er, no; Burke, no.
Elimination of torches for Fri
day rally—Eckstein, yes; Wilbur,
no; Power, no; Costigan, no; Tho
rcau, no vote; Strecter, yes;
Burke, no.
Results on other issues brought
before Excom can be found in the
Excom story.
