# DDT 25
## 
### 

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-

For those who find the Tresidder Art Show distressing, the sponsors have
generously provided a special exhibit. For further information see your local
druggist. Daily Photo by Thomas Bong-
