# Farm Educator To Lead Panel
## Kefauver to Speak At S.F. Conference 
### 
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, pro
fessor of Education and Dean of the
School of Education at Stanford
University, will participate in the
San Francisco State College Confer
ence on Education and Human Re
lations to be held on Thursday,
July 24, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Frederick Burke Auditorium in San
Francisco.
Dr. Kefauver will lead a round
table discussion in the second half
of the program on the subject, "The
Role of Education in Developing the
American Pattern of Human Rela
tions."
This Conference, to which the
public is invited without charge, is
sponsored by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews,
whose purpose is to promote "Jus
tice, amity, understanding, and co
operation among Protestants, Cath
olics, and Jews."
Other distinguished educators to
be presented by the Conference are
Dr. Monroe E. Deutsch, who will
speak on "The Interfaith Aspect of
the American Pattern of Human
Relations," and Dr. Joseph S.
Roucek, who will speak on "The
Intercultural Aspect of the Ameri
can Pattern of Human Relations."
