# National Lottery To Be Held Today
## 
### 
There will be no immediate news
available as to the order of call po
sition of the recent draft registrants.
Although the national lottery today
will determine the order in which
men who registered for the draft
July 1 will be integrated into the
list of men who registered October
16, the individual registrant will
have little definite information on
when he may be called until after
the local draft boards have com
pleted the integration process.
This will probably not be for
some time as the local draft boards
must first receive a printed "mas
ter list" from Washington before
they can integrate the old and new
lists and make the information
available as to the actual order of
appearance.
