# Hayes to Address Religious Meeting
## 
### 
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
Carlton J. H. Hayes, acting pro
fessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, will be honored at a lunch
eon given by the San Francisco
Conference of Christians and Jews
Tuesday at the Hotel St. Francis.
Professor Hayes, who is Catholic
co-chairman of the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews and
the holder of the Seth Low Chair of
History at Columbia University,
will address the luncheon on the
subject, "Some Stakes in the Pres
ent Situation."
This luncheon will start at 12:15
o'clock and reservations ($1.35 per
person) must be made with the Con
ference office, 177 Post Street, Ex
brook 1518, not later than noon of
July 22.
