# Coolidge Firm in Declining Presidential Renomination
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20— President
Coolidge meant what he said when he
declared lie did not "choose" to run for
the presidency again, Senator Simeon
Fess, Ohio Republican, one of the most
enthusiastic Coolidge supporters, de
clared today after a visit to the White
House.
Amid all the speculation on what the
President meant by the "choose," Sena
tor Fess has advocated the drafting of
Coolidge by the Republican Party. Fess
had expressed the belief that the Presi
dent could be induced to run again—but
that was before he was closeted with the
President.
The Ohio senator went into the exec
utive office with hope. He came out sat
isfied that Coolidge is out of the 1928
presidential race.
Fess said he had answered every argu
ment advanced by Coolidge but the Pres
ident refused to change his attitude. He
declared he would continue to advocate
Coolidge again for the presidency de
spite today's conference.
"I will continue as a duty to the peo
ple of the United States and not out of
any hopes of doing the President a per
sonal favor," he said.
