# PENDRAGON PLAYERS ORGANIZE FOR YEAR AT MEETING SUNDAY
## 
### 
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
Reorganization will be tlie purpose
of a meeting of Pendragon Players in
the Palo Alto Community House Sun
day evening at 7:30 o'clock. An invi
tation to attend has been issued to
those on the campus who are inter
ested in dramatics from either an
acting or a technical standpoint.
Tentative plans for the coming
year include the production of six
plays. Among these are "Lucky Sam
Mac Carver" and "Rollo's Wild Oat."
Two will be given in November, and
two in December, with one in each of
the months of January, March, and
April.
Mrs. Margaret Sliedd, director of
the organization, spent considerable
time last summer studying the com
munity play movement in southern
California.
