# PROFESSOR TERMAN HITS GENIUS STORY CARRIED BY PAPERS
## 
### 
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
"I've noticed in the papers recently
that a certain woman, who is now
representing a so-called society for
the fostering of genius, entered Stan
ford at the age of nine and was gradu
ated at eleven," said Professor Lewis
M. Terman, of the psychology depart
ment, yesterday.
"I'm quite sure that she never at
tended Stanford at all. She lived at
Los Altos for a few months, however.
I've noticed no signs of genius in her,
unless the fact that she has succeeded
in marrying twice be excepted," he
continued. "Iler name is Winifred
Stoner.
"I haven't any use for the efforts
at prodigy-making advocated by the
mother of Miss Stoner in a book she
has written on the subject. I consider
it a sorry business," Dr. Terman con
cluded.
The Registrar's office can find no
record of Winifred Stoner as a student
at Stanford.
