# CANCER CARRIES CHARGE
## 
### 
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
Where a cancer exists the flesh has
a positive electric charge, is the
theory propounded by Dr. J. W. Frank
of Philadelphia, head of the Emery
Research Laboratory of Roentgen
ology and Radiology in Relation to
Cancer.
