# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
Genuine Pigskin
Oxfords
For generations no leather
has ever been more closely
associated with gentle
men. Noted for its indi
viduality of texture and
ability to withstand wear.
Florshcims, $10.00
Curfis' $6.95
•
BWxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes sincc 1593
