# Adv. 25 Page 6
## 
### 
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I OASIS I
...
relaxing
atmosphere
326-8896
241 El Camino
Menlo Park
Also Visit
The Wine Cellar The (Jarre t
at Old Town °l Ola Prune Yard
in I.ns Gatos in Campbell
C^ylore
couples
coma to
CarMc
Jcwrlrr*
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
3t:cau.v"
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
hiqher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
JSr
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWELER!
333 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
