# Combination Concert.
## 
### 
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
On April 29 the first concert of
tiie combined Musical Clubs of
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia will be given in the Alham
bra Theater in San Francisco.
The C*lee, Mandolin, and Banjo
Clubs of both universities will all
join in the program, and as they
are now in perfect concert shape a
good entertainment may be ex
pected.
This will be the first opportunity
of those interested in either uni
versity to form some comparison of
the relative merits of the clubs.
The Stanford leaders are anxious
to have a large crowd, if Stanford
sympathizers attend the concert,
and thus lend encouragement to
those appearing on the program.
The regular Saturday rates will be
offered by the Southern Pacific.
