# Lectures
## 
### 
Campus
Why We Should Remember. Eli Wiesel,
author. Thursday, May 4 at 8 p.m. Memo
rial Auditorium.
Chinese Landscape Painting: TracMon
Assailed, Tranaformed, Renewed.
Professor Michael Sullivan, Department
of Art. Monday. May 8 at 8:15 p.m. An
nenberg Auditorium.
Student Experiencea In Field Cotect-
Ing. Rlna Ban mayor and Students from
her Oral Literature Class. Wednesday,
May 10 at 7 p.m. Tresidder Lounge.
Women on Top of the World: From
Gaaherbrum to Annapurna. Allison
Chadwick. Friday, May 5 at 8 p.m. Cub
berley Auditorium.
Bay Area
The Physiology of Running. George A.
Brooks, Department of Physical Educa
tion, UC-Berkeley. Thursday, May 4 at
7:30 p.m. Lawrence Hall of Soence, UC-
Berkeley.
Gestait Therapy. Sylvia Randall. Mon
day, May 8 at 8 p.m. P.S.I. Graduate
School of Professional Psychology, 580
College Ave., P.A.
San Francisco Landmarks. A discus
sion of seventeen San Francisco build
ings which received landmark status for
their architectural and historic signifi
cance in 1977. Tuesday, May 9 at 7:45
p.m. Haas-Lilienthal House Ballroom,
S.F.
Philip Laridn: Hia American Image.
Michael Cavanagh speaking on the En
glish poet. Wednesday, May 10 at 8 p.m.
San Francisco Conservatory of Music,
1201 Ortega St., S.F. 564-8086.
