# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 pjn, of the day before
publication.
