# Housing Meeting Is This Afternoon
## 
### 
The second drawing orientation
meeting for women .students will be
held today at Union from 0:45 to
7:15.
The purpose of the meeting is to
provide information for any woman
planning to draw out of her resi
dence Winter Quarter.
Representatives from'housing com
mittee will explain the drawing pro
cedure and answer any questions.
There will also he a representative
from each livinu group at the meet
ing to tell about her house and to
answer questions.
Drawing will take place next
Wednesday for sponsors, and next
Thursday, November 18, for other
women desiring to draw.
Every student now in residence is
assured of a room in a University
residence Winter Quarter.
