# 1907 To Hold Dinner In Palo Alto.
## 
### 
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
The Class of 1907 will hold its
dinner at the Palo Alto Hotel instead
of at the Stanford Inn, as announced.
The dinner will be held tomorrow
evening at 7.
