# Y.W.C.A. Drive Reaches $705
## Two Days Remain To Attain Goal Set at $1000 
### 
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
Money collected by the workers
on the Y.W.C.A. finance drive
amounted to $562 by yesterday
noon, with the returns for Wednes
day not yet in. "The co-operation
from the girls and the sums that
have come in have fulfilled our
highest expectations," said Betsy
McClelland, Y.W.C.A. president. "At
the rate we are going now, with two
days more left for the drive, the
$1000, set as our goal, should be
raised easily."

Several gifts of $15, $20, and even
$30 have been donated to (he drive,
according to Miss Elizabeth Lam,
executive secretary, and one house
went without lunch and dinner for
one day to give the money ordi
narily spent for meaLs to the "Y."
Likewise, she continued, our mem
bership has increased during this
week.
All workers on the finance drive
are oxpected to be present at the
luncheon held for them in the Wom
en's Clubhouse this noon. Miss
Louise Price will talk on the "Rela
tionship of the Y.W.C.A. to the
Campus" and head workers will give
reports on their groups. Pauline
Deuel is in charge of the menu and
serving committee;s Janet Dole, of
the entertainment; and Phyllis
Boolhe, of the singing.
