# TRUSTEES' HEARING DELAYED
## 
### 
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
Hearing on the plea of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees before a
San Jose court for an order to in
crease their investment powers was
postponed today until later this
month.
