# Where 7 Burned to Death
## 
### 

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)

THE CHARRED RUINS or a dormitory of the con
struction camp at Parker Dam on the Colorado River
where seven men were burned to death in a pos
sibly incendiary fire. (A.P. Photo)
