# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
Coach Hopper, of California
possesses the right spirit, one that
we can reciprocate. A spirit of
chivalry and consideration that
every California and« Stanford man
should possess. By its proper ex
ercise we shall come to a speedy
termination of the difficulties now
pending.
