# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
Our next intercollegiate contest
will he the Carnot debate. En
couragement to the men who will
compete for positions on the team
can best be given by attendance at
the preliminaries tomorrow and
Saturday evenings.
