# THE 						GYMNASIUM.
## Mrs. Stanford Announces Definitely That It Will be Built Next Year. 
### 
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
Mrs. Stanford this afternoon au
thorized Architect Hodges to an
nounce that the new stone gymna
sium will be erected next year, as
has already been rumored. The
building will be located east of
University avenue below the Fac
ulty Club grounds, corresponding
in situation to the Museum on the
west. No definite plans have yet
been drawn up, but the building
will be ample in size to accommo
date a great number of students,
and will be as thoroughly equipped
as it is possible to make a modern
gymnasium. Among the features
will be swimming tanks, bowling
alleys, billiard room, running
track, handball courts, and exhibi
tion hall.
