# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
Second Lieutenant Howard Eugene
Burns, '42, recently graduated from
the AAF Navigation School at San
Marcos Army Air Field, Texas, and
received his wings as an aerial navi
gator.
