# No Daily Tomorrow; Out Again Friday
## 
### 
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
Stanford Daily will not be pub
lished tomorrow. February 22, be
cause of Washington's birthday.
The paper will come out on Friday
as usual.
