# Secret Alexandria Meet Disclosed
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Prime
Minister Winston Churchill and
President Roosevelt met at Alex
andria, Egypt after the Yalta con

ference with Marshal Joseph Stalin
and charted new strategy for the
conquest of Japan, the White House
disclosed today.
