# FARNSWORTH TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
Professor Paul Farnsworth of the
psychology department will speak
on "Social Stereotypes with Par
ticular Reference to Music" to the
Stanford Faculty Women's Club this
afternoon at 2:30. The meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs. J. B.
Scars, 1120 Parkinson Avenue.
Selections will be played from
"Suite Antique" by Albert Stoessel
for two violins and piano.
