# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
Hear Dr. John Hospers,
Libertarian Party candidate
for President, on Close-Up
tonight at 7 p.m. Hospers,
Dean of the School of
Philosophy at the University
of Southern California, spoke
Friday at Tresidder Union
about libertarian ism. This
afternoon at 3 p.m., Close-Up
continues its series of
programs on wine.
