# Professor Tatlock Writes For "School and Society"
## 
### 
In a recent number of "School and
Society," Professor J. S. P. Tatlock of
the English department writes of the
novel plan of Miami University in in
viting Percy MacKaye, the noted poet
and dramatist to spend a year at that
institution. MacKaye is to be paid
the salary of a full professor and fur
nished with a studio and a house in
which to live.
He is not to give any lectures, the
idea being that the presence of a great
literary artist in the community, with
ample opportunity for association with
faculty and students, would of itself
be an inspiration to similar activity
on the part of others. Professor Tat
lock, who expresses him self as much
dissatisfied with current methods of
teaching English, approves of the plan
most highly. "Miami University," he
says, "has done a new and stimulating
thing."
