# Registration Above Normal.
## 
### 
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the to
tal registration was estimated at
1250. This estimate is based upon
the amount of money received by the
Guild Treasurer. This is about 200
more than had registered on the
opening day last January. Registra
tion will continue tonight up to 9
o'clock.
