# Green, Blue Scarves To Symbolize Rhine Waters In Dance Drama Tuesday
## 
### 
Scarves, shaded from pale green to
deep blue, will be used to symbolize
the waters of the Rhine in the largest
group work of the dance drama,
"Das Rheingold," to be given next
Tuesday night in the Assembly Hall.
Storm dancers will appear in black
oilcloth tunics with flashing white
silk scarves. A striking finale is the
rainbow bridge, which is disclosed
after the storm subsides. The curving
arch will be formed by girls in rain
bow-colored robes.
Costumes for the principal charac
ters are in accordance with traditions
of the Norse gods. Tunics with a sug
gestion of armor, and Wotan with his
winged helmet, furnish an element of
strength. The aim in costuming has
been to carry out the ideas of the
dances harmoniously rather than to
elaborate costumes.
