# Untitled Article
## 
### 

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.

While American communiques do not give the exact position of the
new naval-air battle in the Solomons, Japanese reports claim the
struggle began off Rennell Island, southwest of Guadalcanal. Ameri
can planes have smashed at Jap bases, including Munda Airfield on
New Georgia.
