# Number of foreign EE students rising
## 
### KAREN BOLLERMANN 
The number of American
students enrolled in Stan
ford's electrical engineer
ing graduate program is
shrinking and the
percentage of foreign stu
dent enrollment is
growing, according to a
recent Electrical Engineer
ing Department report.
Almost half of Stanford's
00 Ph.D. electrical engi
neering students are
foreign, an oddity attrib
uted primarily to American
industry's huge demand for
electrical engineers. Be
cause of this demand, in
dustry has begun to siphon
off undergraduates, luring
them away from graduate
schools by offering high
salaries, ac cording to James
Angell, associate chairman
of the electrical engineer

ing department.
The average different e in
salary between an engineer
with a bachelor's degree
and one with a Ph.D is ap
proximately $15,000 a year,
not enough to warrant the
extra years of study for
some students, Angell ex
plained.
For some American stu
dents in the program,
though, a Ph.D. signifies
more than a slightly higher
salary.
Ernie Wood, an American
doctoral candidate, said
that the advanced degree is
not only necessary to do re
search, "it also gives you a
lot more leeway, especially
if you want to rise to the
top in certain organiza
tions."
