# SRI Publishes Book About Industry
## 
### 
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
The International Industrial
Development Center at Stanford
Research Institute has published
a 137-page book called "Small In
d us t r y Development Organiza
tions A Worldwide Directory."
The book lists more than 300
international, governmental a n d
private organizations in 7ft coun
tries that are concerned with the

development of small industry.
Copies are available at $10 each
from the Free Press of Glencoe,
111.
