# ENCINA AND SEQUOIA TO DRAW FOR ROOMS
## 
### 
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
Drawings for next quarter's rooms at
Encina Hall will take place June 10 and
at Sequoia, June 14. All men who at
present are occupying rooms at the halls,
and desire to renew their applications
must sign up at the Dean of Men's Of
fice, June 7, 8, and 9 for Encina, and
June 11 and 12 for Sequoia. The Dean
of Men's office closes at noon on Satur
day, June 12, so all sign-ups for Sequoia
must have been completed by then.
