# REPUBLICAN CLUB OF STANFORD HONORED
## 
### 
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
The 'Hstinction of organizing the first
college Republican Club in the United
States has been awarded Stanford Uni
versity by Will H. Hays, Renublican Na
tional Chairman.
Hays says that the enrollment of 1,800
members, of which 300 are women, is a
remarkable achievement, and that he has
become so impressed with the results
accomplished by the club in the short
time it has been in existence that he has
recommended to the division of clubs of
the Republican National Committee that
the Stanford constitution and plans of
organization be adopted in organizing
lubs, in the universities throughout the
United States.
