# ARNOLD KELLER, '15, DIES IN PORTLAND
## 
### 
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
News of the death of Arnold Keller,
*15, was received yesterday by Professor
11. J. Ryan. Keller graduated from the
Electrical Department of tlic university
witli the class of 1915 and engaged in
power plant operation until the fall of
1918. At that time he returned to Stan
ford to serve as instructor in the Elec
trical Engineering Department of the
University.
Since his return to Stanford Keller
has suffered poor health, which has in
terfered with his work. On April 17 he
was forced to give up his work in the
University and return to his home in
Portland, Ore. In recent letters to mem
bers of the Engineering Staff lie has ex
pressed satisfaction with the progress
that he was making and expected to come
back to tlie University in the near fu
ture. Tlic death yesterday came very
unexpectedly.
