# French Play Tickets on Sale.
## 
### 
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
All those who anticipate attend
ing the French play, "L'Abbe Con
stantin," in San Joee Saturday eve
ning must procure their tickets at
the University Bookstore by 12 to
morrow. A special rate of 50
cents for the round trip has been
secured. These tickets are good
only on the 6:36 train going, but
may be used either on the return
ing special train or on any train
on Sunday.
