# GIFT TO LAW LIBRARY
## DR. ABBOTT ANNOUNCES PURCHASE OF RARE VOLUMES. Early Abridgments Come to Stanford as Gift from Dean Ames of Harvard. 
### 
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
At a meeting of the Law majors
this afternoon, Dr. Nathan Abbott,
head of the Law department, an
nounced that he had completed the
purchase of the Early Abridg
ments with the $150 given to the
Stanford Law department by Prof.
Ames, dean of the Harvard Law
School. Professor Ames visited
Stanford two years ago and lec
tured before the Law Association.
The abridgments extend from
1516 down to modern digests, and
are indices to the year books and
the early reports of the English
courts.
At the same time Dr. Abbott re
ferred to the recent gift of books
and pamphlets by L. A. Bowden, a
San Jose lawyer. Among these law
books is a copy of Viner's abridg
ment. which completes the set of
volumes given by Professor Ames.
This abridgment is the work of a
rather eccentric compiler, who la
bored for about fifty years in pre
paring his work. Mr. Viner left
his property and copyright in his
book to Oxford University to found
a lectureship, now known as the
Vinerian professorship. Blackstone
was the first professor on the Viner
ian foundation.
