# Will Not Row at San Diego.
## 
### 
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
The executive committee of the
Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California has decided that
California will not row the next
race against Stanford over a course
at Sail Diego. The journey to the
southern city is considered too
great, and as the Coronado Beach
Company would stand the expenses
of the crews, acceptance would sa
vor of professionalism. The com
mittee has instructed Graduate
Manager Decoto to secure a boating
coach.
