# Vesper Service As Usual.
## 
### 
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
There will be the usual mid-week
vesper service Thursday evening at
7:15 in the chapel.
