# French Club To Hold Last Meeting.
## 
### 
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
The French Club will hold its last
meeting of the semester Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock at the home of
Professor It. M. Alden, 42ij Rmbar
cadero road. All French students
will be welcome.
