# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
#
There's a
FUTURE
.
in your
FORD
When you have it
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
1
