# Stern Will Host All-Campus Dance
## 
### 
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
Stern_Hall will be host to an all
campus dance Saturday night from
9 to 1, following the UCLA football
game.
Admission to the dance is $1 per
couple and tickets are on sale at
the Stern Hall office and the ASSU
office. Bids will also be available
at the door the night of the dance.
Music for dancing in the outside
court will be supplied by the Bright
Notes.
