# Classical Club Will Hear Dr. Elmore Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
Dr. Jefferson Elmore, actinsr head of
the Latin Department, will pive a talk
entitled "Vacation Impressions" before
the Classical Club this evening. Dr. El
more has iust returned ftom an exten
sive trip throughout the Eastern states.
Eollowing the program a short business
meeting will be held to elect a new
treasurer. This is the first meeting of
the club to be held this quarter.
