# HOOVER CLUB WILL START NEW CAMPAIGN
## 
### 
Following the example of the Los
Angeles Times, which has started a
big "Give a Dollar to Hoover" cam
paign, in order that the Hoover cam
paign may be adequately financed, and
above all financed in a .democratic
manner, the local Hoover Club is
starting a "Give a Dollar to Hoover"
campaign of its own to defray current
expenses. The faculty, following the
voluntary precedent set by the profes
sors of the Law Department, as well
as a number of professors from other
departments, who have donated $5
apiece, to the local campaign, will
start a drive among the faculty for
contributions.
It is not the intention of the com
mittee in charge, however, to set an
arbitrary amount. Contributions of
more than this amount, as well as of
less, will be gladly received. A num
ber of the fraternities are already
making up Hoover pools. The amounts
received from the various houses and
the halls will be published from day
today in the Daily Palo Alto. The
committee, in order to expedite the
campaign for funds, has in addition
asked all those who may find it con
venient, to drop in and make their
contribution at the Hoover Club
Headquarters in the Union.
The money is to be used princi
pally in sending out circular letters
to all Stanford alumni, and toward
thoroughly organizing the Hoover
forces throughout Santa Clara county,
and advertising Stanford's candidate.
