# 'NIBS' COMES THROUGH THIS SEASON
## 
### 

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)

Again, Coach Nibs Price of California has developed a smooth working
Berkeley quintet. For nirny years now U.C. has won regularly over
most of their southern conference opponents. The Price-coached team
defeated Stanford Friday night in the Pavilion by a score of 37-31.
(Courtesy Daily California!!.)
