# RELIEF MOVIE MADE
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3 {A 3 ). —A
federal relief motion picture—made
by the unemployed and using as its
topics various local relief projects
has been completed and shortly will
be .sent to Washington for President
Roosevelt's scrutiny. The film is
unique among national relief plans.
