# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
Thk Daily Palo Alto to-night
adds to the list of the students
composing its staff the names of
three men who have successfully
passed the period of competition.
These men are J. K. Hutchinson,
>09, L. S. Levy, '08, and F. E.
Fetzer, '09. Out of the seventeen
students who have tried out for the
staff these men have passed through
the try-out with the highest aver
ages. Those who have been un
successful in the try-out we wish
to thank for their labors, and
hope that they will continue their
work on the paper, as they will be
given places on the staff when they
reach the standard that justifies
an appointment. To all who start
work on the paper for the first
time an apprenticeship of six weeks
must be served before they are con
sidered as eligible. But to those
whose names appear upon the staff
there will not be any definite date
for the changing of positions dur
ing the rest of the semester. A
change will take place whenever
the editors think a candidate
deserves it. Some of the changes
which appear in to-night's issue
may therefore be of very short
duration.
