# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action taken by Manager
Barrett limiting the people on the
side-lines to players in uniform and
only those men who have his spe
cial permission, should be endorsed
by the entire student body. The
opinion nf the student body should
become so strong on this point that
any person who infringes this rule
should be made to feel that he is
not acting fairly toward the team
and its coaches. If this rule is not
obeyed the annoyance which the
coaches are being subjected to is
sure to result in secret practice be
ing held. The University of Cali
fornia has been forced to go into
secret practice for this very reason,
and it seems that we will have to
follow their example unless the

men confine themselves to the
bleachers.
