# New Bookstore Progressing.
## 
### 
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
The work of putting a concrete
finish on the new bookstore was be
gun to day. A rough coating will
first be put on, and then tinted.
The exterior appearance of the
store will differ somewhat from
other concrete-finish buildings on
the campus in that the facing will
resemble the rougher style seen in
mission buildings. The roof of the
building is ready to he tiled, and
the work will commence shortly.
Bids for putting in the interior
woodwork are now being received,
and the contract will be awarded
in about ten days. It is estimated
that the new bookstore will he
ready for occupancy about Christ
mas.
