# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
Only six men responded to yes
terday's call for track candidates.
The inter-class baseball game prob
ably kept some away, but a greater
number should lnive reported. We
are already fully two months be
hind in our training, and as but
little over a month remains before
the field-day, all men who intend
to compete must commence to train
at once. The squad has been out
at Berkeley for three weeks, and so
many men are training there that
the management has divided them
into separate groups that they may
be taken care of. With affairs in
this condition we cannot afford to
lose a single day. If our athletes
regard the coming field-day as hi
the nature of a farce, we may as
well call all negotiations off and
let the victory go to California by
default. If they mean business,
let them get down to work and en
deavor to make up for time already
lost.
