# RECENT GIFTS TO MUSEUM.
## Many Articles of Value Lately Presented by Various People. 
### 
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
Many articles valued either for
their rarity or for their associations
have been presented to the Museum
by various people during the past
three months, and now comprise a
portion of the exhibit of the build
ing.
A purse found in the clothing of
Leland Stanford Junior has been
sent by David Monasch of San
Francisco, and will occupy a place
among the other personal belong
ings.
Two collections of Indian stone
implements have been presented,
one by Professor E. P. Cubberley,
and the other by H. N. Liust of
Pasadena. These collections in
clude arrow-heads, grooved axes,
stone-flayers, hammer-stones, lime
coated shells, and fossil shells.
Other Indian articles presented are
snow-shoes given by J. S. Burcham,
'05. These shoes are the kind worn
by the Illooet Indians of British
Columbia. A Samoan weapon of
shark's teeth has been presented
by H. J. Moors of Apia, Samoa.
Several valuable vases are the
donation of Mrs. Horace Davis of
San Francisco. This collection
consists of a Sang de Boeuf vase of
Chinese manufacture, a green Cele
don (Serji) vase, one decorated by
Theodore Deck, the famous French
potter, and a Chinese Hawthorne
jar. The Hawthorne jar is especi
ally valued, there being only two
other genuine Hawthornes in the
Museum.
Mtb. W. J. Barnett of San Fran
cisco has given a death mask of
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who estab
lished kindergartens on the Pacific
Coast. A photograph of the fune
ral party of Mrs. Stanford leaving
Honolulu is the gift of F. A. Rob
bins, of Sausalito.
Other donations in the form of
publications and manuscripts have
also been received. These include
copies of early Stanford publica
tions given by B. F. Hall of Palo
Alto, two Old English prints pre
sented to President Jordan by
Fritz Gunther of Madeline College,
Oxford, and the Roble and Encina
registers containing the signatures
of visitors since the halls were first
opened until the present time. The
registers were given by George Ad
derson, overseer of the University
buildings. Memorial resolutions
received at the University upon
the death of Mrs. Stanford are all
preserved in the Museum.
