# Stolen Bases
## 
### 
"Cash" Davis looks better on first
with each game. Fans were disap
pointed in his showing in the first
game of the season, but he is putting
up a real battle around the first sta
tion at present.
â™¦ * *
112 If the captain's load rests heavily
on Lilly's shoulders he fails to show
it. Out of two times at bat, last Sat
urday, he bagged a hit and a sacri
fice. In addition, the skipper pulled
down a fly in the outfield that looked
good for a run.
* * *
Charlie Doe's football ability came
into full play last Wednesday when
Knox and the second baseman collided
in right field, while attempting to
snare a difficult fly. Knox took the
count for some moments as a result
of the collision.
* * *
Galloway had ten chances in all in
Wednesday's game and handled them
all perfectly. Four were fly balls and
the ot six ground balls.
