# POLITICAL CLUB HEARS PROFESSOR ADAMS
## 
### 
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, spoke before the
Political Club at its meeting last
night on the subject "The German
Peace Policy." Professor Adams gave
many quotations from German preach
ers, speakers, and writers whose
theory is that the German people is
the favorite and chosen nation of the
earth and that any movement to ob
struct them is treason.
