# WARNER SUPERVISES HOME CONSTRUCTION
## 
### 
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
When he is not busy with spring
football practice, Pop Warner is act
ing as builder, architect, and construc
tion superintendent of a $24,000 home
he is building in Southgate. Besides
designing the house himself, he is also
superintending its construction, and
will build it on the day labor plan.
