# CALIFORNIA OFFERS PLAYWRITING COURSE
## 
### 
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
Practical dramatic composition will
be taught at the University of Cali
fornia Summer Session this year, the
class being limited to thirty students
who will receive intensive training In
playwriting. The elements of acting
will be offered beginners in another
course, teaching poise, reading, pan
tomime, charactcr portrayal, and prac
tice in diction.
Problems of setting, lighting, stage
movement, plot making, and stage
management will bo the subject of still
a third course for students interested
in the direction and production of
plays.
