# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
Cosmopolitan Club announces
the election of the following:
James F. Fleming
Yung Ying Hsu
Shih-Ying Tien
Wilson S. Wei
