# Professor Miles Leaves to Attend Biological Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
Dr. Walter R. Miles of the Psych
ology department has left for a three
weeks' trip to the East to attend the
annual meeting of the American Bio
logical Society which will be held in
Rochester, N.Y., this year. While in
the East, Dr. Milos plans to visit the
Universityof Chicago, Harvard, Colum
bia, and Yale, and to visit the psycho
logical laboratories of these institu
tions.
