# FRESHMAN TEAM WINS IN CALIFORNIA DEBATE
## 
### 
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
The freshman debate team defeated
California 2-1 in the second half of
the dual debate at Berkeley last Mon
day evening. The freshmen upheld the
negative of the question, "Resolved,
That modern methods of advertising
are harmful to the consumer." Her
bert Wenig, Robert Sharp, and Rob
ert McClintock represented Stanford.
The California debaters were Louis
Kreuger, Delbert Hall, and Jack Sil
ver.
