# COMMITTEE RECEIVES PAVILION DECORATIONS FOR R.O.T.C. FORMAL
## 
### 
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
With three truckloads containing
decorations for the Military Ball just
arrived, the committees in charge of
the R O.T.C. formal are ready to begin
conversion of the Basketball Pavilion
into a medieval castle. As the ExecU:
Jive Committee has granted the mili
tary men a closed date, this dance will
be the only social function on the
campus the night before the Stanford-
U.S.C. track meet.
Invitations have been sent to a num
ber of prominent army officers at th<i
San Francisco Presidio, and to state
officials, many of whom are expected
to attend as honorary guests. The
Bookstore reports that a few bids, at
four dollars each, are still available
for the affair. Since Rube Wolf, fa
mous musical director, has been se
cured to lead his orchestra for the
dance, those in charge expect a capa
city attendance.
