# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
U.S.C. has discarded its point system
for the limiting of student activi
ties.
