# Courts Wanted for Intramural Handball
## 
### 
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
With ouly the courts to be secured,
plans are nearly complete for the in
teroollegiate handball match between
Stanford and U.C.L.A. on Friday.

It is planned to have six inatehue,
two of which will bo doubles. OoaHk
0. W. Davis will choose his team from
Sam Josephs, Prank Harold* rarmti
McOettigan, James Melton, Cyril Chap
pellet, Waldo Ashby, Reg Rumwotl,
Clifford Figel, and Jack titaub.
