# MASTERS HAS DAUGHTER
## 
### 
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
A daughter, Helen Jane, weighing
seven pounds and two ounces, was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Mas
ters yesterday.
