# SPORTS OF 1927
## 
### BY "FEG MURRAY, '16 
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
"Lazzeri, Anthony Michatel, born
San Francisco, Calif., December 6,
1904." That is "Poosh-'em-up Tony's"
introduction into the 1927 edition of
"Who's Who in Baseball," and the
reason that his name didn't appear in
the 1926 edition is that few, outside
of those who dwelt on the Pacific
Coast, had ever heard of him. Tony
Lazzeri's debut into big league base
ball was quite a success, even though
he failed by twenty-five points to
reach the select group of .300 batters.
What is most important is that Tony,
in his first year under the big tent,
played well enough at the important
keystone position to enable his team
to win a pennant, and he did so while
playing next to another recruit who
was practically as green as he was.
Until he suffered a painful boil on
the knee, Lazzeri's work at St. Peters
burg this spring was more brilliant
than ever, and some baseball writers
with the Yanks even went so far as
to predict that it would not be long

before the famous Coast Leaguer be
came the best second baseman in the
younger circuit. Last year Antonio
made thirty errors at his position, and
his name is to be found rather close
to the bottom of the list of fielding
records for second basemen, but he
may be cheered by the fact that Bucky
Harris, the famous pilot of the Sen
ators, also made thirty bobbles, and
Spurgeon, of the Indians, thirty-two.
The fans in New York, especially
the Italians, have their eyes on Tony
now, as he starts his second season,
in the hope that he will begin hitting
home runs as he did on the coast in
1925, when he knockcd out sixty four
baggers to break the record for organ
ized baseball. Last year the Walloping
Wop hit only eighteen circuit-clouts,
but batted in 114 runs, more than such
famous stars as Heilmann, Goslin,
Falk, Simmons, and Gehrig did; in
fact, only Babe Ruth was responsible
for more runs than Tony.
1927 should be a great year for the
"Rock Roller of Telegraph Hill."


Bravo, Antonio!
