# PALO ALTO TO HAVE NEW POSTOFFICE
## 
### 
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
Palo Alto will have a new postoffice
situated at 235 Hamilton avenue, di
agonally across from the public li
brary, was the word received from
Washington yesterday. It will be two
stories high and will harmonize in
design with the "art" buildings already
erected on Rarnona between Hamilton
and University. Plans are being pre
pared by Hare, Brewer, and Clark of
Paio Alto, and ,it is expected that the
n< w building will be completed by fall
of this year.
