# EDGAR WALKER TAKES IOWA COACHING POST.
## 
### 
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
Bdgar Walker, member of the cham-!
pionship Stanford football team lastj
fall, was named assistant football
coach at the University of lowa. He
will assist the head coach, taking
charge of the end 3 and the backfield.
Firßt. coming into fame in 1924 when
he played halfback, he was noted for
throwing the pas: that tied California
in the Big Game. In the following year
he was shifted to an end position,
which he kept for two years. For both
<njf tjhese years he has become known
as being on the receiving end of many
noteworthy Stanford passes.
