# TORONTO GETS STAR
## 
### 
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
ST. CATHARINE'S, Ont., Nov. 23
(UP). —Walter Stanowski, because of
his smooth skating and hockey abil
ity, has been assured of a berth on
I Toronto Maple Leaf hockey team
this winter.
