# EAGLES WIN. 17-14
## 
### 
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles edged out
the Pittsburgh Pirates, 17-14, in a
thrill-packed National Professional
Football League game in Philadel
phia yesterday.
