# GARCIA NATIONAL HERO
## 
### 
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
MANILA, P.1., Nov. 2.'1 (UP). —Ce-
ferino Garcia, the "bolo-punching"
Filipino holder oi the world's mid
dleweight title, is coming home from
the United States to revive the wan
ing Philippine boxing industry.
