# BASKETBALL CHANGE?
## 
### 
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 23 (UP).—
Basketball, the national winter pas
time, soon will be played against a
drastically smaller backboard, H. V.
Porter, Chicago, secretary of the
National Rules Committee, predicted
here.
