# GRID HONORS SOUGHT
## 
### 
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
FRESNO, Nov. 23 (UP). —Fresno
Staters are booming their ace full
back, Bob "Plunging Pete" Peterson,
for little Ail-American honors. One
of the best backs in the Bulldogs'
history, the 201-pound junior's spe
cialty is bone-crunching smashes.
