# TWO BOYS FROM ACROSS THE BAY
## 
### 


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.


TONY FIRPO, left, who has taken over Vic IJottari's halfback spot in the Hears' secondary this year. A
triple-threater, "Wild Bull" will he closely watched hy the Indians. Paul Seinmons, right, has held down the
end position most of the season. They say he's an excellent pass receiver and defensive man.
