# U.S.C. GRID AWARD
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
LOS ANGELES, May 11 (UP).—
The pavis-Teschke medal for being
the most valuable and inspirational
player on the squad will be awarded
to Ray George, right tackle of the
University of Southern California's
1938 football team. George, after
three years as a Trojan regular
graduates this spring from the Col
lege of Commerce and Business Ad
ministration and will be a teacher.
A pharmaceutical company has a
collection of ancient feeding bot
tles, spoons, and baby cups, includ
ing some from Indian babies' graves.
