# K.K.K. HITS NEGROES
## 
### 
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 11
(UP). —The Florida Legislature sent
to Governor Fred P. Cone today a
bill sponsored by the Ku Klux Klan
to exclude negroes from voting in
Miami city primary elections. It
would not prohibit negroes from vot
ing in the general election.
Roanoke College has been the
educational starting place of more
than 20 college presidents.
