# German Classes To Give Comedies
## 
### 
With an eye toward student in
terest and appeal, the German de
partment is presenting two German
one-act comedies in the Little The
ater at 8 o'clock, Friday, May 19.
The first and second year German
j classes are now reading "Der Moer
der" by Kurt Goetz, and "Panne vor
Alt-Heidelberg" by Erich Funke,
which are the plays to be given.
Nevertheless, an easy understand
ing of the comedies is assured by the
German department due to the sim
plicity of the dialogues accompany
ing the action.
Kurt Goetz, author of "Der Moer
der," is a well known German actor
and playwright, born in the city of
Mainz in 1888. The author of "Panne
vor Alt-Heidelberg," Erich Funke,
is a professor of German at the Uni
versity of lowa.
