# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
FOR SALE
USED FUR NATURE-Bedroom set,
walnut; redwood outdoor furni
ture; rugs, chairs. Phone after 5
p.m.. DA 2-3210.
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. 3745
Grand Ave., Oakland Established
1920. Grammar, High. College
Prep. Languages, Coaching. Day
and Night School. Approved by
Veterans Administration. Nets
$(>OO per month and up with good
management. Inspection by ap
pointment only. Contact F. C.
Starr, Attorney for Estate, GLen
court 1-6887.
W W H O TO RENT
PRIVATE ROOM, preferably de
tached from house. Alumni coup
le, San Diego Schools employees,
June 21 - August 25. Write K.
Hensell. 3913 Louisiana St.. San
Diego 4.
ARE YOU MOVING in June? Grad
couple would like to know about
any apartments beins vacated. No
children or pots. Call L'L 1-6495.
evenings.
