# Summer Room Reservations Due Thursday, Friday
## 
### 
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
Reservations for undergraduate
women for summer quarter rooms
may be made in the Women's Coun
seling Office (Temporary Building
B, room 30) on Thursday and Fri
day.
All undergraduates will bo housed
in Lagunita Court.
No additional deposit is required
for this reservation. However, anv
cancellations must be made at the
Women's Counseling Office before
June 15. Alter that date there will
be a forfeiture of the $25 deposit
now being held bv the University.
