# Southern Cal's Referendum Election Delayed by 'Red Tape, Confusion'
## 
### 
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
University of Southern California's
on-again, off-again referendum
election was off-again Thursday be
cause of "red tape and confusion,"
the Thursday Daily Trojan reported.
However, in a special bulletin to
The Daily last night, it was reported
that the election, which was sched
uled to begin Wednesday and end
Friday, began anew on Friday and
ij slated to last until tomorrow.

Although no official ballot count
has been released as yet, the dis
patch reported that each side is
double checking the other at the
polls. Trie report said that there
was a "good turnout of votes Fri
day."
The original postponement of the
election last Wednesday occurred
because Arnold Eddy, ASSC general
manager, neglected to sign the
proper requisition which would au
thorize the turnover of the printed
ballots to election officials.
At the present time, SC students
are voting on v/hether the presi
dential elections held two weeks ago
should or should not be recognized
as valid.
If the referendum passes, a new
student body presidential election
will be held at the school at the
beginning of the autumn semester.
