# KSU Nominations
## 
### 
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
Nominations for KSU positions
next fall will be held Wednesday
and Thursday at the KSU offices,
announced Gerry Winkler, acting
KSU station manager, today. Elec
tions will be held the following
Monday and Tuesday.
An important general meeting
concerning elections and the end
quarter KSU party will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in room 205. Me
morial Hall.
