# Alabaster, Hoak Elected to YWCA
## 
### 
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
Elections were held Thursday
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and YWCA class of
ficers.
President. Jane Alabaster; vice
president. Marcia Hoak; recording
secretary. Janet Edwards; corre
sponding secretary, Katy Adams;
national representative. Shirley
Hill; treasurer. Mary Skillen.
Sophomore class officers are:
President, Joyce Lowell; vice
president. Mary Lou Openshaw;
secretary-treasurer. Nancy White.
Junior class officers are:
President. Joannie Harris; vice
president. Edna Lynch; secretary
treasurer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class officers are:
President. Jean McCrea; vice
president, Betty Merriman; secre
tary-treasurer, Carol Kressen.
