# DAGGER MISSING FROM MUSEUM COLLECTION
## 
### 
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
, A valuable museum piece, a dagger,
belonging to the Stanford Museum,
tvas lost during the performance of
j'Ftomeo and Juliet" last Saturday
iiight. The dagger, loaned for use in
the production, was found to be miss
ing after the show and a search was
instigated which did not disclose the
\veapon.
It is believed that it was either
stolen or misplaced. Every effort is
being made to recover it, as it is one
Of a very valuable collection. The
value of the piece has not been made
public.
It is hoped that it will be found as
the complete collection is dependent
upon this piece.
