# STANFORD PROFESSOR HURT IN AUTO CRASH RECOVERING RAPIDLY
## 
### 
Professor T. H. Boggs, acting pro
fessor of Economics, who was in
jured in an auto crash Sunday near
Santa Maria, is much improved, ac
cording to reports received today
from the Santa Maria Hospital where
lie is confined.
While his injuries are serious there
is no immediate danger and it is ex
pected that he will be able to leave
for Stanford in about two weeks. He
received a slight concussion, a scalp
wound, and an injured right foot fol
lowing a head-on collision with an
other car as he was returning to Stan
lord'after a trip to the South.
Contrary to first reports Professor
Boggs was alone at the time of the
accident.
Professor B. F. Haley, professor of
Economics and brother-in-law of Pro
fessor Boggs, left this noon for Santa
Maria. As yet no definite arrange
ments have been made concerning
Professor Boggs' classes. 4
