# STATE DEPT.
## Seniors and Grads Offered Careers 
### 
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
The State Department is offering
a 1953 trainee program to seniors
and grad students interested in ca
reers in foreign affairs management.
Applicants should have good
backgrounds and records in political
science, economics, public adminis
tration, international relations, or
related fields.
Beginning salaries for the pro
gram are $3,410 and $4,205 per an
num, depending on individual qual
ifications. The program begins in
summer, 1953.
The department will use the Civil
Service Commission's junior man
agement assistant examination in its
selection process for the 1953 pro
gram.
Examination will close Nov. 11.
Trainees will be assigned to posi
tions in Washington where they will
work under the guidance of a train
ing counselor.
Faculty members will assist the
department on each campus by
screening qualified rtudents. Selec
tions must be received by the State
Department not later than Feb. 16,
1953.
