# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
Students interested should con
tact Donald Taissaint, Office 228,
Political Science Department, Mon
days, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from
3 to 4, and Fridays from 1 to 2.
