# Mem Aud Will Show UCLA Movie Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
Tonight at 7 in Memorial Audi- '
toriuni, Cardinals will yhow mov
ies of the Stanford-UCLA foot
hall game. Admission, as usual, j
is free.
