# Meeting
## 
### 
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
!
There will be a meeting on
Monday, January 10th, for all
sportswriters who worked
during the fall quarter.
Anyone else interested in
working on the sports staff
should attend this meeting or
call Charlie Hoffman at
extension 4632.
The meeting will be held at
2:15 p.m. in the Daily office.
