# Alvin Taylor in Arizona
## 
### 
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
Alvin V. Taylor, '23, is in the En
gineering Department of the Miami
Copper Company of Miami, Arizona.
Taylor was a member of Encina Club
and of Los Arcos.
* * *
