# NEER AND DAVIES ARE INCLUDED IN NATIONAL RATINGS
## 
### 
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
Out of 161 tennis players rated by
the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation Phil Neer, '22, stands fiftieth
and James Davies, '22, fifty-fourth, in
the singles. In doubles the two Stan
ford men are rated nineteenth. The
players included in the lists are only
those of national standing. Neer is a
member of the Alpha Delta Phi Frater
nity, and Davies is a Delta Kappa Epsi
lon.
Majority of the first half of the list
ing were Pacific Coast men. First place
was taken by W. T. Tilden, 11, Phila
delphia, and second place by William M.
Johnston, San Francisco,, in the singles.
In the doubles Clarence J. Griffin and
William Johnson, both of San Francisco,
took first place. In the women's rank
ing Mrs. Franklin I. Mallory of New
York City, took first place. The Pa
cific Coast was poorly represented in
the women's ratings.
