# DEBATE GOES TO STANFORD.
## Roehr, Spencer, and Lewis Get Decision Against California Team in the Eleventh Intercollegiate Meet. 
### 
With no less credit to the partic
ipants and in as close a contest, the
Stanford debaters followed up the
good work of the track team with a
brilliant victory over tho Blue and
Gold orators Saturday evening.
Long before the time set for the
debate, the Alhambra Theater was
filled with a large delegation from
each university and many of San
Francisco's citizens, all of whom
listened throughout with great in- 1
terest and appreciation. Each of
the speakers was well supported by
the rooters, who took advantage of
every intermission until the an
nouncement of the decision, when
the Stanford supporters poured i
forth all the voice that they had
remaining from the afternoon.
The question debated was, ''Re-|
solved, That the United States
should not attempt under all cir
cumstances to prevent the acquisi
tion of territory in South America
by European powers." President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California presided, and
Mr. William Thomas, Mr. Peter I<\
Dunne, and Mr. Henry W. Brand
enstein rendered the decision.
Stanford upheld the affirmative, j

and was represented by Omar Cor
win Spencer, '04, Frank Roehr, '04,
and Howard Milton Lewis, '04.
California's supporting the nega
tive was championed by Alfred
Bertram Weiler, '03, Allan Pome
roy Matthew, '03, and Max Thelan,
'04.
President Wheeler opened the
meeting with a few remarks, and
then introduced O. C. Spencer, the
first spenker of the evening. Spen
cer made a short exposition of the
question and outlined the case of
affirmative. He argued that the
Monroe Doctrine of the past had
not been one of total exclusion.
That the government of the United
States was one of reason and judg
ment, and that it is not consistent
with the spirit of the government
to prevent in every instance the
acquisition of territory in South
America by European powers; we
should judge each case on its mer
its, and should act only when our
honor and safety so demand. That
the United States must protect her
interests both at home and abroad,
and could not afford to assume a
hard-and-fast dictatorial attitude
