# Civil Service Sets Four New Fields
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
The United States Civil Service
Commission has revised its employ
ment opportunities to include four
new fields.
The four work fields, available in
grades GS-14 and 15 and located at
the Naval Air Development Center,
Johtisville, Peimsylvania, are: (1)
departmental positions in federal
agencies, (2) field posiions, (3) san
itary engineer field positions, (4)
positions with the Naval Air De
velopment Station in Johnsville.
Work available in these fields
is for aeronautical, electrical, and
electronics engineers.
Those interested must have been
graduated from a college or univer
sity of recognized standing. A ma
jor in the physical sciences or math
ematics may be accepted for the
specified engineering curriculum.
Chemistry may be substituted for
certain positions in chemical engi
neering, and physics for certain po
sitions in electronic engineering.
Any substitute curriculum must
be fully described in the applica
tion. showing titles of courses, the
amount of credit received, and a
brief description of the course.
Applications for the GS-15 and 15
positions must be filed with the Di
rector of the Third U.S. Civil Serv
ice Regional Office. Custom House,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Feb
ruary 2,T Applications for all other
positions may be filed with the U.S.
Civil Service Commission in Wash
ington, D.C.
