# Untitled Article
## 
### 

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.

IRONING OUT THE BUMPS on Galvez and Escondido streets will be undertaken by the University
this summer, when weather and traffic problems permit repaying. The Board of Trustees has
voted $29,000 for the improvements.
