# Trainmen Plan Strike
## 
### 
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
CHICAGO — Tr ainmen and con
ductors of the nation's Class One
railroads are reported to be voting
95 per cent in favor of a strike.
Some 250,000 members of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen
and the Order of Railway Conduc
tors are involved. Their unions are
asking 11 major contractual changes
with the carriers, including a 40-
hour week without a pay cut.
