# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.

Associated Press
Curfew Patrol
Mounted police patrol the curfew-bound north Indian town of
Ayodhya yesterday. Thousands of security forces are In the
town due to a violent religious dispute over a site claimed by
both Hindus and Moslems. The dispute has killed at least 104
people nationwide In the past week.
