# ASSU Offers Travel Rates
## 
### 
Group rates on airplane travel
for the students, faculty, and
staff of Stanford are offered by
the ASSU Travel Service, a non
profit, student-run organization
formed last spring quarter.
According to Chris Hoover,
chairman of the travel service,
two charters and 18 group flights
are available to New York, Chic
ago, Kansas City, Minneapolis,
and Washington, D.C.
The two charter flights to New
York and Chicago aro filled. Miss
Hoover said, but if there is
enough demand the group flights
to these cities may be turned into
charters.
The deadline for application for
any of these flights is November
20. For information, call DA 1-
2300, Ext. 4437.
