# Young Named To Assistant Director Post
## 
### 
Chuck Taylor, Director of
Physical Education and Athletics,
today announced the appointment
of Robert Young to the position
of Associate Director of Ath
letics in the Department of Physi
cal Education a n d Athletics.
President Sterling has approved
the appointment to go into effect
immediately.
Robert Young has served the
Department since August, 1948.
In this period of more than six
teen years, he has held a variety
of positions: Manager of Opera
tions, Grounds and Buildings, As
sistant Ticket Manager, Manager
of Student Affairs, and Adminis
trative Assistant.
Mr. Young's appointment com
plements an administrative staff
of Chuck Taylor; Wesley Ruff,
Director of Physical Education
and Intramurals; Peter Kmetovic,
Manager of Student Affairs and
University Liaison, Assistant
Operation Manager; Ermine Du
Pravv, Ticket Manager; Robert
Butler, Business Manager; Don
Leibendorfer, Director of Publi
city; Joe Higgins, Director of In
tramurals; and Howard D a 11-
mar, Director of Coaching Camps.
