# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The track athletic fund now
amounts to nearly and is con
stantly growing. There is no
doubt that the fund will yet reach
$200 dollars, the amount actually
needed by the track athletes. They
must have a training table,and the
seven hundred or more individuals
who have not yet subscribed should
at once hunt up those who are re
ceiving money for the good cause.
Even though you feel you can af
ford to give but a small amount,
don't delay giving that little at
once. A dollar will be worth twice
as much to our athletes now as it
will in two weeks.
The track athletic fund now
amounts to nearly and is con
stantly growing. There is no
doubt that the fund will yet reach
$200 dollars, the amount actually
needed by the track athletes. They
must have a training table,and the
seven hundred or more individuals
who have not yet subscribed should
at once hunt up those who are re
ceiving money for the good cause.
Even though you feel you can af
ford to give but a small amount,
don't delay giving that little at
once. A dollar will be worth twice
as much to our athletes now as it
will in two weeks.
The track athletic fund now
amounts to nearly and is con
stantly growing. There is no
doubt that the fund will yet reach
$200 dollars, the amount actually
needed by the track athletes. They
must have a training table,and the
seven hundred or more individuals
who have not yet subscribed should
at once hunt up those who are re
ceiving money for the good cause.
Even though you feel you can af
ford to give but a small amount,
don't delay giving that little at
once. A dollar will be worth twice
as much to our athletes now as it
will in two weeks.
The track athletic fund now
amounts to nearly and is con
stantly growing. There is no
doubt that the fund will yet reach
$200 dollars, the amount actually
needed by the track athletes. They
must have a training table,and the
seven hundred or more individuals
who have not yet subscribed should
at once hunt up those who are re
ceiving money for the good cause.
Even though you feel you can af
ford to give but a small amount,
don't delay giving that little at
once. A dollar will be worth twice
as much to our athletes now as it
will in two weeks.
