# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although the organization for
this year of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs has been effected, we have
learned nothing as yet in regard to
the future work of the Roble Mando
lin Club. \Vesincerely hope and we
feel that this hope is shared by the
student body at large, that this si
lence does not mean that the young
ladies will do nothing in this work
this semester. The recognition they
have received at the hands of stu
dents and friends of the University
should encourage them to continue
the good work they carried on last
year. It would be a great source of
regret to us ail if it were left entirely

with the men to foster the musical
ambitions and develop the muiscal
ability which can be found in the
student body.
Although the organization for
this year of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs has been effected, we have
learned nothing as yet in regard to
the future work of the Roble Mando
lin Club. \Vesincerely hope and we
feel that this hope is shared by the
student body at large, that this si
lence does not mean that the young
ladies will do nothing in this work
this semester. The recognition they
have received at the hands of stu
dents and friends of the University
should encourage them to continue
the good work they carried on last
year. It would be a great source of
regret to us ail if it were left entirely

with the men to foster the musical
ambitions and develop the muiscal
ability which can be found in the
student body.
Although the organization for
this year of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs has been effected, we have
learned nothing as yet in regard to
the future work of the Roble Mando
lin Club. \Vesincerely hope and we
feel that this hope is shared by the
student body at large, that this si
lence does not mean that the young
ladies will do nothing in this work
this semester. The recognition they
have received at the hands of stu
dents and friends of the University
should encourage them to continue
the good work they carried on last
year. It would be a great source of
regret to us ail if it were left entirely

with the men to foster the musical
ambitions and develop the muiscal
ability which can be found in the
student body.
Although the organization for
this year of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs has been effected, we have
learned nothing as yet in regard to
the future work of the Roble Mando
lin Club. \Vesincerely hope and we
feel that this hope is shared by the
student body at large, that this si
lence does not mean that the young
ladies will do nothing in this work
this semester. The recognition they
have received at the hands of stu
dents and friends of the University
should encourage them to continue
the good work they carried on last
year. It would be a great source of
regret to us ail if it were left entirely

with the men to foster the musical
ambitions and develop the muiscal
ability which can be found in the
student body.
Although the organization for
this year of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs has been effected, we have
learned nothing as yet in regard to
the future work of the Roble Mando
lin Club. \Vesincerely hope and we
feel that this hope is shared by the
student body at large, that this si
lence does not mean that the young
ladies will do nothing in this work
this semester. The recognition they
have received at the hands of stu
dents and friends of the University
should encourage them to continue
the good work they carried on last
year. It would be a great source of
regret to us ail if it were left entirely

with the men to foster the musical
ambitions and develop the muiscal
ability which can be found in the
student body.
