# Untitled Article
## 
### 
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
KZSU is the student-run
Stanford campus radio sta
tion. Studios are located in
the basement of Memorial
Auditorium under the Little
Theatre. KZSU broadcasts at
90.1 KM and 880 AM in the
dorms. Request line is 328-
2000. KZSU needs new staf
fers in all departments in
cluding news, sports, public
affairs, engineering, produc
tion, publicity and program
ming.
Monday: Registration Spe
cial, "History of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young" from
the Birds and Buffalo
Springfield days, through

their solo and duo albums.
Plus "live" traffic reports
from our booth in Maples
Pavilion. 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday: More Registra
tion Special, "The Music of
the Who and the Rolling
Stones" with news and sports
at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m.
Old staffers meeting:
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. at the
ZOO.
Prospective DJ's: Notify
chief announcer Bruce
Turner today or by noon
Tuesday of your interest.
Leave a note at the station on
the bulletin board.
