# Parade To Lead S.C. Rally To Hoop Pavilion
## 
### 
With the occasion the S.C. game
l-ally, the first torchlight parade of
the year will be held this evening,
according to Sandy Lowengart and
Jan North, co-chairmen of the com
mittee in charge. The march will
proceed down the Row, beginning at
the Fiji house at 7:15 this evening
and ending in the Basketball Pa
vilion, where the rally proper will
be held.
Upholding Stanford tradition, pa
jama-clad frosh men, flanked by
members of the Rally Committee
bearing torches, will be led to the
Pavilion by Stanford's struggle
buggy Model T fire engine and the
Stanford Band. Rooters driving cars
are requested to gather at 7:10 by
the Fiji house, where they will be
permitted to swing in behind the
class of '40 as it begins its tramp
down Lasuen.
Webb Jones, master of ceremonies,
will present Jim Reynolds, who will
introduce Norm Johnson, Southern
California student body prexy. Af
ter Johnson's speech, Stanford root
ers will hear from Bobby Grayson,
Coach Tiny Thornhill, and guest
speaker of the evening Don Thomp
son, prominent radio announcer of
last year's Pacific Coast Conference
football games.
At the conclusion of speeches,
yells, and music, the Stanford Band
will lead the frosh men in a torch
light parade all their own, to Roble
for the annual Freshman Pajamarino
Roble Serenade.
Rally Committee Chairmen T. M.
McDaniel and Kay Moran ask for
the united support of the whole stu
dent body at the S.C. game rally.
