# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
I YOU WILL ENJOY
FINEST FOOD
Lunchcon 40c
Dinner 50c
(and higher)
WILSONS
at fhc
CARDINAL
Carl ("Sticky") Wilson, '31
229 Hamilton Ave.
IT CAN T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
