# TONIGHT'S GAMES
## 
### 
Gym: 7 p.m., Phi Delta Theta vs.
Beta I; 8 p.m., Delt II vs. Iv.A.,
!) p.m., Independent II vs.
Breakers 11. (Only games sched
uled.)

So far the intramural basketball
field is looking very eating-clubbish,
as El Toro last night was turned in
winner cf League IX by dint of a
4G-34 win over Independent I.

Campo and Breakers are home in
their respective leagues.
Med School went down to their
first defeat, at the hands of Kappa
Sig last night, 23-13, but their
League VII, is still a toss-up.
Proctor, Sigma Nu, 78, Ifara,
Japanese Club, 73, and Munger,
Breakers, G7, are leading the indi
vidual storing race. A light sched
ule is posted for tonight in honor
of the frosh and varsity games in
the Pavilion.
