# ITALIAN COURSES OFFERED
## 
### 
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
Courses in politics, history, litera
ture, art, scientific thought in Italy,
Italian Innguagc, and special courses
in Etruscology arc offered for throe
different three-month periods this
year, at the Royal Italian University
for foreigners, in Perugia, Italy.
