# More Jobs Open At Employment Office
## 
### 
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
Mrs. Irene Spenner Coverley an
nounces the following positions open
to applicants at the Student Em
ployment Office.
Janitor work, for an experienced
man; girl to stay with children;
salesman for a commission-basis
j<rb; jaicz piano player, and experi
enced saxophone player; men cooks;
men's jobs in private homes, paying
rcom; jobs for women, paying room
end board.
