# 433,000 INELIGIBLES
## 
### 
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
According to information given out
by The Nation, one of the leading
weekly newsmagazines, there are
433,000 men of draft age who lack
sufficient education to serve in the
Army.
