# Soldiers Increase Language Classes
## 
### 
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
The Army has largely contributed
to the increase of students in the
Roma n i c Language Department,
according to Dr. Aurelio Espinosa,
head of the Department of Romanic
Languages.
