# Debate Squad Plans Meeting
## 
### 
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
Debate Manager Virginia Schwartz
announced today that the debating
squad for 1943 will hold it* first
meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. hi
Room 200 R.
Miss Schwartz also announced that
there are many opportunities never
before available for new students,
both men and women. Enther one or.
two units of credit may be given for
squad members.
The three topics to be studied for
this fall are the following: '"College
Education After the War," which in
cludes the questions of how perma
nent wartime changes in college cur
riculum will be and whether thi
trend toward technical subjects
should be continued; "An Interna
tional Police Force" with the debate
subject as "Resolved, that the United
States should cooperate in establish
ing and maintaining an International
Police Force upon the defeat of the
Axis." and finally, "Wage and Price
Stabilization."
