# GRADUATE SPEAKS BEFORE CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
## 
### 
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
Doctor Alvin J. Cox, '01, formerly an
instructor in Chemistry at Stanford,
described the work of the Bureau of
Science and Industries of the Philip
pine Islands in an illustrated lecture
given yesterday afternoon in the Chem
istry building.
As director of the bu.reau, Cox has
been in close touch with the scientific
development of the Island industries
under the direction of the United
States experts.
The majority of men engaged in
scientific work in the Philippines are
Stanford graduates, according to Cox.
Doctor Cox was the guest of honor
at a luncheon given yesterday noon in
the Chemistry building by Phi Lambda
ITpsilon, the honorary chemistry fra
ternity.
