# Bids Remain For '50 Prom
## 
### 
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
Approximately 100 tickets for the
Junior Prom are still on sale at
$3.60. They will be sold at the
ASSU office and in front of the
Cellar today.
The Prom will be held Saturday
night at the Fairmont Hotel in San
Francisco. Dancing in the Terrace
Room will be from 9 to 1 to the
music of Bob Brittan's orchestra.
Formally attired Prom-goers will
find refreshments available in the
adjoining Vanderbilt Room, where
Mischa Novy and his quartette will
provide strolling serenades.
Two buses, accommodating about
45 couples, will provide free round
trip transportation to the Fairmont.
Students may reserve seats on the
buses at the ASSU office. One bus
will return to campus by 1:30; the
other will return at 2:30.
