# Lag Expected to Be Half Full for Carnival
## 
### 
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
If the present seepage rate of
approximately two and one-half
million gallons a day continues,
Lagunita will be about half
full on Saturday, date of the Jun
ior Water Carnival.
Assistant Engineer Carl Maier
delivered this report yesterday as
he recorded a weekend water loss
of seven million gallons, bringing
the lake's total content to 70 mil
lion gallons. Capacity is lIS mil
lion.
Maier said the lake has been
dropping at the rate of one and
one-half feet a week. This means
that the water depth at the boat
house piers should be about three
feet on Saturday.
