# Poli Union Tryouts
## 
### 
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
Political Union will hold try
outs for program director today
from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Political
Union office, Student Union.
