# PERFECT RECORD
## 
### 
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
Stanford's first grid team to go
through l'CC play without a tie
or loss was the 1926 eleven.
