# Rugby Team Faces Palo Alto Ramblers
## 
### 
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
.Stanford's rugby loam tackles
the Palo Alto Ramblers tomor
row afternoon at 3:30 on the Stan
ford rugby field. The Ramblers
replace the St. Mary's Gaels, who
were originally scheduled to face
the Card ruggers.
Pacing the Indian outfit will be
Dorsey Atkinson, the team's high
scorer; back Jack Taylor and for
ward Donn (Curley) Carswell.
Atkinson does the penalty and
conversion kicking for the Tribe.
