# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
Palo Alto Hospital — Donald
Pevvthers, Howard Evans, Gerald
Hogsett, Dominie Kazutoff, Lau
rence Leonard, Jeanetta Riding,
William Vaughey.
Men's Rest Home Thomas
Kranz, Charles Wallace, Laurie
Seagal, Jeffery Beeman, Ralph
Mather, John Kuo, Russell Bar
low, C. V. Hansen.
Women's licsl Home Lila Wel
lings, Carol'Marston, Ayako Om
ura, Maura Nolan.
