# Twenty-five Day Limit.
## 
### 
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
The Faculty Athletic Committee
wishes to call the attention of all
students who desire to become can
didates for any branch of intercol
legiate athleticß to the following
extract from the intercollegiate
athletic agreement:
"No student shall be permitted
to compete in any intercollegiate
contest who has entered his college
later than twenty-five (25) days
from the day of the beginning of
instruction to upper-classmen of
the semester in which the contest
takes place."
