# "CHAPARRAL" OUT MONDAY.
## Second Issue Contains Many Interesting Features.â€”Graduates Contribute Drawings. 
### 
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
The second number of the Chap
arral will be on sale on the outer
quadrangle Monday morning. An
innovation, which is made in this
issue, is the addition of a fourth
"Now That."
The editorials deal with the
opening student body Assembly,
the rooting question, the treatment
of a Freshman in Palo Alto a few
days ago, and the new policy of the
Sequoia.
The art work in this issue is un
usually good. P. 11. Terry, one of
the Bulletin's art staff and a former
contributor to the Chaparral, has a
clever full-page cartoon of the
typical Sophomore. W. R. Daven
port, '02, contributes a half tone
drawing and several smaller car
toons. D. H. Kerry,'OS, has a full
page illustration representing a
prominent Stanford man's recent
experience with a Freshman. There
are other clever sketches by R. 15.
Snodgrass, '01, and M. Oppenheim,
'05.
The literary features include a
humorous front-page poem by E. J.
Hadley. '08, and some clever verse
by L. S. Levy, 'OS, a new contribu
tor. There are also some humor
ous criticisms on the Chaparral by
prominent members of the Univer
sity; and a prose skit,entitled "The

Sophomore," which is typed in the
form of a bottle. G. G. Altnow,
'06, contributes some clever prose
and verse.
