# Sponsor Committee Continues Interviews
## 
### 
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
This is the last day for inter
views, according to the chairman
of the Sponsor-Choosing Com
mittee, Marian Neilson, and all
upper division women interested
in becoming Roble sponsors are
asked to come to the Excom-room
in the Old Union building between
10 and 12 today.
