# PHYSICS CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Bourne G. Eton will discuss "Ex
perimental Evidence for the Filling of
the Electron Levels from the Relative
Intensity of X-ray Spectral Lines" at
the regular meeting of the Physics
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
