# Educational Level In Balkans Lowered By Government: Cornish
## 
### 
"It seems the deliberate intent of the
Roumanian government to delete the cul
tural level of the peoples of the minori
ties to the level of the common people,"
declared Dr. Louis C. Cornish in his lec
ture last night on "The Treatment of
Minorities in the Balkans." Dr. Cornish,
a Unitarian pastor, was chairman of two
Anglo-American commissions sent into
Transylvania to study the prevailing con
ditions there.
"Through actions of the Roumanian
government, church and school lands
have been confiscated, in direct oppo
sition to the promise that they would
keep such lands inviolate for the minori
ties. Through their influence, he said,
colleges have been completely smashed;
valuable libraries have been done away
with, equipment ruined, and buildings
closed. In fact, they have turned the
entire civilization of Transylvania up
side down."
"The minorities are being aided by
outsiders," he stated. "The reports of
the commissions have been written in
many foreign languages. Americans are
helping to sustain the schools and col
leges and churches, that the minority
peoples may yet become true Rouma
nians."

Dr. Cornish spoke informally before
a gathering of Stanford women in the
Women's Clubhouse after his lecture in
the Assembly Hall.
