# GLEE CLUB GETS ROOM
## 
### 
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
Division of the Men's Glee Club
meeting place, room 20 in the Civil
Engineering building, was made re
cently by the construction of a parti
tion across the room. This gives the
j club a storeroom separate from the
rehearsal section.
