# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
A Harvard man was the first in the
United States to earn his way through
college.
