# Correction
## 
### 
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
Yesterday's story on ASSU ballot
measures failed to make clear that the
proposed capital improvement fund
would be financed through a fee
assessment system. The Daily regrets
the error.
