# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When the judges in the last
intercollegiate debate awarded the
contest to Berkeley they gave as
their reason for this decision the
superior polish of the Berkeley
men. The arguments of our men
equalled, if they did not surpass,
those of their rivals, but we were
beaten by the ease and grace of
manner of the Berkeley represen
tatives, and above all by their su
perior command of English. It
was an implied reproof to the nar
rowness with which many of our
most intelligent men lay out their
college courses, and it was so felt
at the time. At the opening of
another year it is well to renew
this feeling, if only for the benefit
of our new students. The elective
system when abused is likely to
lead to the most destructive nar
rowness. It is possible fora per
son who has specialized on one sub
ject throughout his college course
to leave college as narrow as any
highly equipped tradesman. It
was too much of this same speciali
zation that brought about the state
of affairs resulting in our defeat
last spring. So to the new students
we would say at the beginning of
their course: "Specialize, but upon
a broad foundation."
