# Football Meeting.
## 
### 
Seventeen football candidates re
sponded to Captain Fiekert's call
last evening and signified the posi
tions for which they intended to
try. The meeting of the Republican
Club and "rush" matters kept other
prospective candidates from being
at the meeting. Suits will be given
(he old men this evening and prac
tice with the ball will be begun
during the present week.
Seventeen football candidates re
sponded to Captain Fiekert's call
last evening and signified the posi
tions for which they intended to
try. The meeting of the Republican
Club and "rush" matters kept other
prospective candidates from being
at the meeting. Suits will be given
(he old men this evening and prac
tice with the ball will be begun
during the present week.
Seventeen football candidates re
sponded to Captain Fiekert's call
last evening and signified the posi
tions for which they intended to
try. The meeting of the Republican
Club and "rush" matters kept other
prospective candidates from being
at the meeting. Suits will be given
(he old men this evening and prac
tice with the ball will be begun
during the present week.
Seventeen football candidates re
sponded to Captain Fiekert's call
last evening and signified the posi
tions for which they intended to
try. The meeting of the Republican
Club and "rush" matters kept other
prospective candidates from being
at the meeting. Suits will be given
(he old men this evening and prac
tice with the ball will be begun
during the present week.
