# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
Attend the Stanford Union Assembly
Friday ;i?orttiuir at 10:15. It heinjr
held for yon.
