# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
With this issue Miss V. Moore, '12,
of Los Gatos, assumes the duties of a
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
