# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
Professor R. C. Bentley, of the Edu
cation department, is to take part in
the dedication of the Monterey high
school next Friday.
