# Recitals Temporarily Discontinued.
## 
### 
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
Owing to the changing of the scaf
folding in the Memorial Church, the
daily recitals at 4:30 by Mr. Eaton
will be discontinued for the remaind
er of this week. The mosaic on the
south side of the nave has been prac
tically completed and workmen are
transferring the scaffolding to the
north side.
