# Untitled Article
## 
### 
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
What do we live for if it is
not to make life less difficult
to each other?— George Eliot.
