# ENLIGHTENMENT
## 
### 
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
It is a fundamental principle that
ignorance of the law excuses no one.
After the mass meeting tomorrow ev
ening no one will be able to plead
ignorance of student self-control.
There is a woeful lack of intelli
gence or interest in the basic princi
ples of student control among the stu
dents of the University. This is es
pecially true among the underclass
men. In order to place the status of
conditions before the undergraduates
it is essentially necessary to have a
mass meeting. To accomplish the pur
pose of the gathering it is also neces
sary for each one to hold himself re
sponsible to be present at 7:30. Indi
vidual responsibility is the keynote
of student self-government.
In order to be successful, interest of
the individuals must be back of the
undertaking. Lack of interest is the
first result of ignorance. Where there
is ignorance inefficiency is bound to
ensue. Although no one can say
that student self-government has been
a complete success, there is absolute
ly no impending crisis at the present
time. However, partial success is un
satisfactory, and if student self-gov
ernment is to justify its existence we
must achieve greater success than we
have thus far. Indifference, begotten
by ignorance, and success are incom
patible.
Enlightenment that will generate
interest on the part of the Student
Body is a prerequisite to greater effi
ciency in the management of student
affairs.
