# A.I.E.E. TO NOMINATE
## 
### 
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
Nominations for next year's of
ficers will be made at the quarter's
last meeting of the A.I.E.E. Thurs
day night at 7:30 o'clock in Room
268, President Madison Jones an
nounces. Paul Marbutovskih, a
graduate student, will speak on the
Russian five-year plan with respect
to electrical engineering.
