# PETER PAN QUITS MOVIES
## 
### 
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
ASHEVILLE, N.C., May 23. (JP)—
Jetty Bronson, the former Peter
'an of the film world, hns re
ounced the make-believe sets in
lollywood for the more real rustic
tmosphere of the western North
Carolina mountains.
Football, say the sports writers,
reds the most strategy, with base
all coming next.
