# NEW HOME FOR NATIONAL GUARD
## 
### 

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.

AFTER SPENDING THE WINTER in tents at Camp Murray, the 41st Division soon moves to this new
permanently-built cantonment on the nearby Ft. Lewis, Wash., reservation. Air conditioned barracks,
theaters, etc., are included in its 1000 buildings. The 41st Division comprises National Guard units from
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.
