# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## CHUCK SMITH, Sports Editor YALE GRIDDERS START EARLY 
### 

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.

SPRING ISN'T TOO EARLY for grid teams to start practice for their
fall campaigns. Here arc Captain Allan Bartholemy of Yale and the
new Yale coach. Spike Nelson, starting practice on the Bulldog field
at New Haven.
