# Palo Alto to Oder Red Cross Courses
## 
### 
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
Classes in the administration of
emergency treatment toward the
awarding of an American Red Cross
certificate will be offered this quar
ter to Stanford students by the com
mittee on first aid of the Palo Alto
Red Cross.
Two courses will be given for the
convenience of those wishing to ob
tain the certificate. The first, taking
only five weeks, will offer classes
twice weekly, Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings, at 7:45 o'clock at the
police station on Bryant Street. Cer
tificates will be awarded about June
1. The second course will consist of
but one class a week on Wednesday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock in the Red
Cross work room at 560 Homer
Street. Ten weeks of this course will
be required for certification.
