# Dr. A. Brown to Lecture To-night.
## 
### 
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
Dr. Adelaide Brown, of San Fran
cisco, will speak this evening in the
Botany lecture room. Her subject is
"Women in the Medical Profession in
the United States."
