# IR Fellowships For Grad Study
## 
### 
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
The California Congress of
Parents and Teachers is offering
three fellowships of $l,OOO each
for the 1962-63 academic year for
graduate study in the field of in
ternational relations. These
awards may be used at any ac
credited school in the United
States which offers such courses.
Applications and further infor
mation are available in the Fi
nancial Aids Office (102B».
Awards will be announced in
April.
