# A 						MAKER OF MEN
## 
### 
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
Today the faculty and trustees of the University
will celebrate the seventy-second birthday of Stan
ford's first president and Chancellor Emeritus, Dr.
David Starr Jordan. The student-body joins with
Stanford people everywhere in extending greetings
to the one man who has most influenced the character
of the University and the ideals of Stanford men and
women. Since his retirement, Dr. Jordan has re
mained in close contact with the undergraduates, and
we hope that many more generations of Stanford
students will have the privilege of knowing him.
