# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
The " poster fiend" is becoming
too numerous, it is now almost
impossible to properly advertise an
approaching event, as whenever the
notices are posted they are imme
diately removed to decorate the
rooms in Encina or Ruble Hall.
There seems to be only one way of
checking this habit of indiscrimi
nate "swiping," and that is to till
the posters so full of tacks that
they will be useless when removed.
