# TYPICAL FRESHMAN
## 
### 

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.

Kelly Robertson of Clarksdale,
Miss., freshman at Mississippi
State university, was selected as
the most typical "Ole Miss" coed
in a popularity contest.
