# CABINET POSSIBILITY
## 
### 

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.

Mark L. Requa, San Francisco,
western regional director of the
Hoover organization during the
campaign, has been mentioned as a
possible candidate for a post in the
Hoover cabinet.
