# RAILROAD PAYS FOR SNAKE IN ENGINE PIT
## 
### 
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 17. (/P)— I The
Northwestern Railroad Company must
see that there are no snakes in the
engine pits of its roundhouses or pay
for the consequences, the Supreme,
Court of Nebraska ruled in affirming
a judgment given Herbert R. Bran
non. However, the high tribunal re
duced the lower court's verdict from
§40,000 to $28,000.
Brannon was employed in the
roundhouse of the Northwestern at
Chadron, Neb., and on July 23, 1924,
was ordered to work in an engine pit.
While working in the pit, a Bnake
about 14 niches long jumped or fell
into his gauntlet glove and squirmed
its way into one of the finger tips.
In his attempt to jerk the glove from
his hand, Brannon was bitten three
times on one finger.
