# POLICEMAN'S SAVINGS KEPT IN HIS POCKET
## 
### 
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 17. (.P)
—Daniel Poland, police lieutenant,
went abous his duties each day with
his lifetime savings tucked in his
pockets.
This was revealed when death over
took him while he was praying in a
Bridgeport church. In his clothing
was found $5,217. Some of the money,
done up in packages, had been carried
around by Poland for 15 years. He
had an aversion to the use of savings
banks.
