# Chicago Doctor Indicates Ways To Contract "Flu"
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (JP).—
Dancing with faces too close together,
drinking out of a friend's glass, and
wearing too many clothes are among the
best ways to contract influenza, in the
opinion of Dr. Frank Smithies of Chi
cago, who was here today attending the
public health service conference. He
points out that extra socks worn by
women are especially Conducive to tlie
disease.
