# Schall Introduces Corn Paper Bill In Senate
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 17 (/P).— I
A resolution designed to encourage use !
of waste farm products in the manufac- j
ture of newsprint was introduced today !
by Senator Schall, Republican, of Minne- |
sota. He also is author of another reso- |
lution to require printing of the Con- j
gressional Record on paper made from j
cornstalks and the appropriation of $6,- i
000,000 for erection of manufacturing
plants to utilize waste farm products,
particularly in the making of paper.
