# Hoover War Library Has Addition In Flour Sacks Embroidered By Belgians
## 
### 
The Hoover War Library has recently
received a unique addition to their Com
mission for Relief in Belgium archives.
During the war, flour was sent to the
Belgians from flour mills throughout the
United States and Canada. Belgian chil
dren in Anderlecht, to show their grati
tude to these countries, embroidered the
sacks in which the flour had been sent
and returned these as gifts. A large num
ber of these sacks have been sent to the
Hoover War Library through the Com
mission for Relief in Belgium Educa
tional Foundation.

These sacks are all very heavily em
broidered ; on some the children have
traced the lettering on the flour sacks
-with gay colored threads; on others vari
ous designs have been added; and they
have been made into bags, pin cushions,
and pillow cases. Almost all of them
are embroidered with words of gratitude
and remembrance to the United States.
