# New Mexico Seeks Aid For New Conservatory Project
## 
### 
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 17. (/p)—
The United States Government would
advance to New Mexico the $10,000,-
000 to $12,000,000 necessary for con
struction of the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy Project, under a joint
resolution introduced in the State
Legislature today by Senator Lee
Harlan. The conservancy resolution
Senator Harlan said, would enable
the state to fulfill the Middle Rio
Grande project under the same financ
ing system as was used at Elephant
Butte and in other reclamation pro
jects in the West.
