# Briefly...
## 
### 
Attempted rape
A juvenile suspect has been
turned over to the Santa Clara
County Sheriff's Office on suspi
cion of attempted rape. The at
tempted rape is said to have
taken place in the Stanford
foothills Wednesday at 1 p.m.
Stanford police made the arrest
and referred the matter to the
county sheriff's office.
Correction
Tuesday's Daily incorrectly

stated that Alumni Associa
tion Director Bill Stone was for
merly assistant to the president
for alumni affairs. In fact, that
position is held by Fred Glover
and Stone's title was assistant to
the president.
Golf
Some 96 teams will be com
peting in the Stanford Invita
tional best ball golf tournament,
beginning today. The tourney, in
its fourth year, runs through
Sunday.
