# Adv. 42 Page 12
## 
### 
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
Superb dining .. .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 1 1:3() from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
Henry's
482 University Ave.
