# Miss De Voe Will Speak Tomorrow.
## 
### 
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
"What the College Women did in the
Washington Campaign,' is the subject
of a talk to he given in the Education
building in room 50 at 4:30 tomorrow
afternoon. The speaker is Mrs. Emma
Smith De Voe, President of the Free
State Alliance, a woman's suffrage
organization of the Northwest. The
