# The 						Fun of First Week
## 
### 
April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








April Pearson

Although today is official back-tO-books day,
looking back on the lively fun of the last week
might make the transition into the classroom a bit
less painful.
Whether they were lugging suitcases, leaping into
deGuerre, smashing volleybdlls or stopping for a
brief moment of reflection, Stanford's new students
got a small taste of whatfDhe,Farm's all about.
Alas, it's now time to. oraok open the textbook.
But why not take one last look at the whimsical
days of Orientation '88?








