# Tennis.
## 
### 
Some very close and exciting matches
wore played last Saturday in the con
tinuous tournament. By lur the best
tenuis, however, was the match between
liumillcr and Chase for first place
Ruiniller's net work and Chase's lob
bing were rhe chief features. Three
times Chase lacked only one point of
winning The score was 6—4, G-8, 7-5.
Luce beat Kactzel, o—l, o—6, 6-0.
Turner beat Mayee, 6-3, 6-4. Shee
hun beat Briggs, G-2, (>—B, G-4. Cox
beat Cory, G-4 7-5. Campbell beat
Searles, 6-3, (i-4.
Some very close and exciting matches
wore played last Saturday in the con
tinuous tournament. By lur the best
tenuis, however, was the match between
liumillcr and Chase for first place
Ruiniller's net work and Chase's lob
bing were rhe chief features. Three
times Chase lacked only one point of
winning The score was 6—4, G-8, 7-5.
Luce beat Kactzel, o—l, o—6, 6-0.
Turner beat Mayee, 6-3, 6-4. Shee
hun beat Briggs, G-2, (>—B, G-4. Cox
beat Cory, G-4 7-5. Campbell beat
Searles, 6-3, (i-4.
