# 'Oxbow Incident' Set for Matinee
## 
### 
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
"The Oxbow Incident," a movie
stalling Henry Fonda and Dana
Andrews, will be shown at the
Theatre Matinee today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theatre.
The movie will substitute for
guest speaker Professor J. Fen
ton McKenna, head of the drama
department at San Francisco
State College, who was to speak
on "Theater in Education." Dr.
McKenna is ill and will be un
able to appear.
