# Only 150 Quads Left; Students Buy Note
## 
### 
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
A near sellout of Quads is pre
dicted within the next few weeks.
Students who want to buy one
should go to the Quad office im
mediately for one of the 150 that
j still remain, Nancy Gilmer, busi
! ness manager, announced yester
: day.
i All sales hooks must he turned
in to Miss Gilmer by Monday, so
salesmen are advised to make final
sales this week.
