# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the Freshman de
bating committee in taking unfa
vorable action on the challenge for
an intercollegiate freshman debate
was wise, and the fact that it was
taken yesterday shows that the
committee had reached the same
conclusion as the majority of up
per classmen. The movement to
institute an annual freshman-soph
omore debating contest is a good
one and will furnish an outlet for
the debating enthusiasm of the
lower classes of the University.
The action of the Freshman de
bating committee in taking unfa
vorable action on the challenge for
an intercollegiate freshman debate
was wise, and the fact that it was
taken yesterday shows that the
committee had reached the same
conclusion as the majority of up
per classmen. The movement to
institute an annual freshman-soph
omore debating contest is a good
one and will furnish an outlet for
the debating enthusiasm of the
lower classes of the University.
The action of the Freshman de
bating committee in taking unfa
vorable action on the challenge for
an intercollegiate freshman debate
was wise, and the fact that it was
taken yesterday shows that the
committee had reached the same
conclusion as the majority of up
per classmen. The movement to
institute an annual freshman-soph
omore debating contest is a good
one and will furnish an outlet for
the debating enthusiasm of the
lower classes of the University.
The action of the Freshman de
bating committee in taking unfa
vorable action on the challenge for
an intercollegiate freshman debate
was wise, and the fact that it was
taken yesterday shows that the
committee had reached the same
conclusion as the majority of up
per classmen. The movement to
institute an annual freshman-soph
omore debating contest is a good
one and will furnish an outlet for
the debating enthusiasm of the
lower classes of the University.
The action of the Freshman de
bating committee in taking unfa
vorable action on the challenge for
an intercollegiate freshman debate
was wise, and the fact that it was
taken yesterday shows that the
committee had reached the same
conclusion as the majority of up
per classmen. The movement to
institute an annual freshman-soph
omore debating contest is a good
one and will furnish an outlet for
the debating enthusiasm of the
lower classes of the University.
