# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


BRUIN-FIGHTING
The Cardinal football team
travels to Southern California
tomorrow to take on UCLA.
CARDINAL TODAY/6


