# Crossword
## 
### Sefton Boyars 
ACROSS
1 Old boys
4 "If I Had a
Hammer" singer
Lopez
9 To one side
14 Computer
program suffix
15 His 2,297 RBI is
a major league
record
16 Second longest
African river
17 Wonderful
sheep-fleecing
job?
20 Heels
21 Annoy
22 15-Across was
one in 21 of his
23 seasons
26 Way cool
27 Org. with some
lightweights
30 Sheltered side
31 Wrapped up
33 Part of a celestial
shower
35 Offers a view
37 Rodgers's
partner before
Hammerstein
38 Gets Dolly the
sheep to defect 9
42 Old VHS
alternative
43 Pack animals
44 Enter anew
47 Quick cut
48 Sitter's challenge
51 Letters before a
pseudonym
52 Syncopated
musical work
54 Cause to reel
56 Pursues
59 German bread
60 Use a young
sheep as a beast
of burden?
65 Noodle products?
66 Carpentry pin
67 Glasgow
negative
68 Man with a
mission
69 Ivory's partner, in
song
70 Start of an
afterthought

DOWN
1 Agave liquor
2 Say "Whew!," say
3 Hypo
4 Roofing material
5 Type of sheet or
session
6 Wilde country:
Abbr.
7 Standard
8 About to endure
9 Give the nod (to)
10 They're potted
11 Most sweaters
and jerseys
12 Source of
chutzpah
13 Took the trophy
18 Balaam's carrier
19 Jack of old
Westerns
23 What 10-Down do
24 Rent-a-car choice
25 Kidney-related
28 Brought into the
world
29 Works on the
wall?
32 Angler's gear
34 Ergo
35 Thumbs-up
36 Elegant
swimmers

5/21/09

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2009 Tribune Media Servies, Inc

38 Overly compliant
39 Went after
40 Send out
41 Seville snack
42 Top of a two-piece
45 Commend
46 It's right on the
map
48 Critter in a
Tennessee
Williams title
49 "Gypsy" star, 1959

5/21/09

50 Delved into
53 Crystal-lined rock
55 Toothpaste type
57 Listen to
58 Start to appeal?
60 Waiter's reward
61 Nabokov novel
62 Tango
complement
63 Egg source
64 English cathedral
town


ACROSS
1 Old boys
4 "If I Had a
Hammer" singer
Lopez
9 To one side
14 Computer
program suffix
15 His 2,297 RBI is
a major league
record
16 Second longest
African river
17 Wonderful
sheep-fleecing
job?
20 Heels
21 Annoy
22 15-Across was
one in 21 of his
23 seasons
26 Way cool
27 Org. with some
lightweights
30 Sheltered side
31 Wrapped up
33 Part of a celestial
shower
35 Offers a view
37 Rodgers's
partner before
Hammerstein
38 Gets Dolly the
sheep to defect 9
42 Old VHS
alternative
43 Pack animals
44 Enter anew
47 Quick cut
48 Sitter's challenge
51 Letters before a
pseudonym
52 Syncopated
musical work
54 Cause to reel
56 Pursues
59 German bread
60 Use a young
sheep as a beast
of burden?
65 Noodle products?
66 Carpentry pin
67 Glasgow
negative
68 Man with a
mission
69 Ivory's partner, in
song
70 Start of an
afterthought

DOWN
1 Agave liquor
2 Say "Whew!," say
3 Hypo
4 Roofing material
5 Type of sheet or
session
6 Wilde country:
Abbr.
7 Standard
8 About to endure
9 Give the nod (to)
10 They're potted
11 Most sweaters
and jerseys
12 Source of
chutzpah
13 Took the trophy
18 Balaam's carrier
19 Jack of old
Westerns
23 What 10-Down do
24 Rent-a-car choice
25 Kidney-related
28 Brought into the
world
29 Works on the
wall?
32 Angler's gear
34 Ergo
35 Thumbs-up
36 Elegant
swimmers

5/21/09

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2009 Tribune Media Servies, Inc

38 Overly compliant
39 Went after
40 Send out
41 Seville snack
42 Top of a two-piece
45 Commend
46 It's right on the
map
48 Critter in a
Tennessee
Williams title
49 "Gypsy" star, 1959

5/21/09

50 Delved into
53 Crystal-lined rock
55 Toothpaste type
57 Listen to
58 Start to appeal?
60 Waiter's reward
61 Nabokov novel
62 Tango
complement
63 Egg source
64 English cathedral
town


ACROSS
1 Old boys
4 "If I Had a
Hammer" singer
Lopez
9 To one side
14 Computer
program suffix
15 His 2,297 RBI is
a major league
record
16 Second longest
African river
17 Wonderful
sheep-fleecing
job?
20 Heels
21 Annoy
22 15-Across was
one in 21 of his
23 seasons
26 Way cool
27 Org. with some
lightweights
30 Sheltered side
31 Wrapped up
33 Part of a celestial
shower
35 Offers a view
37 Rodgers's
partner before
Hammerstein
38 Gets Dolly the
sheep to defect 9
42 Old VHS
alternative
43 Pack animals
44 Enter anew
47 Quick cut
48 Sitter's challenge
51 Letters before a
pseudonym
52 Syncopated
musical work
54 Cause to reel
56 Pursues
59 German bread
60 Use a young
sheep as a beast
of burden?
65 Noodle products?
66 Carpentry pin
67 Glasgow
negative
68 Man with a
mission
69 Ivory's partner, in
song
70 Start of an
afterthought

DOWN
1 Agave liquor
2 Say "Whew!," say
3 Hypo
4 Roofing material
5 Type of sheet or
session
6 Wilde country:
Abbr.
7 Standard
8 About to endure
9 Give the nod (to)
10 They're potted
11 Most sweaters
and jerseys
12 Source of
chutzpah
13 Took the trophy
18 Balaam's carrier
19 Jack of old
Westerns
23 What 10-Down do
24 Rent-a-car choice
25 Kidney-related
28 Brought into the
world
29 Works on the
wall?
32 Angler's gear
34 Ergo
35 Thumbs-up
36 Elegant
swimmers

5/21/09

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2009 Tribune Media Servies, Inc

38 Overly compliant
39 Went after
40 Send out
41 Seville snack
42 Top of a two-piece
45 Commend
46 It's right on the
map
48 Critter in a
Tennessee
Williams title
49 "Gypsy" star, 1959

5/21/09

50 Delved into
53 Crystal-lined rock
55 Toothpaste type
57 Listen to
58 Start to appeal?
60 Waiter's reward
61 Nabokov novel
62 Tango
complement
63 Egg source
64 English cathedral
town


ACROSS
1 Old boys
4 "If I Had a
Hammer" singer
Lopez
9 To one side
14 Computer
program suffix
15 His 2,297 RBI is
a major league
record
16 Second longest
African river
17 Wonderful
sheep-fleecing
job?
20 Heels
21 Annoy
22 15-Across was
one in 21 of his
23 seasons
26 Way cool
27 Org. with some
lightweights
30 Sheltered side
31 Wrapped up
33 Part of a celestial
shower
35 Offers a view
37 Rodgers's
partner before
Hammerstein
38 Gets Dolly the
sheep to defect 9
42 Old VHS
alternative
43 Pack animals
44 Enter anew
47 Quick cut
48 Sitter's challenge
51 Letters before a
pseudonym
52 Syncopated
musical work
54 Cause to reel
56 Pursues
59 German bread
60 Use a young
sheep as a beast
of burden?
65 Noodle products?
66 Carpentry pin
67 Glasgow
negative
68 Man with a
mission
69 Ivory's partner, in
song
70 Start of an
afterthought

DOWN
1 Agave liquor
2 Say "Whew!," say
3 Hypo
4 Roofing material
5 Type of sheet or
session
6 Wilde country:
Abbr.
7 Standard
8 About to endure
9 Give the nod (to)
10 They're potted
11 Most sweaters
and jerseys
12 Source of
chutzpah
13 Took the trophy
18 Balaam's carrier
19 Jack of old
Westerns
23 What 10-Down do
24 Rent-a-car choice
25 Kidney-related
28 Brought into the
world
29 Works on the
wall?
32 Angler's gear
34 Ergo
35 Thumbs-up
36 Elegant
swimmers

5/21/09

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2009 Tribune Media Servies, Inc

38 Overly compliant
39 Went after
40 Send out
41 Seville snack
42 Top of a two-piece
45 Commend
46 It's right on the
map
48 Critter in a
Tennessee
Williams title
49 "Gypsy" star, 1959

5/21/09

50 Delved into
53 Crystal-lined rock
55 Toothpaste type
57 Listen to
58 Start to appeal?
60 Waiter's reward
61 Nabokov novel
62 Tango
complement
63 Egg source
64 English cathedral
town


ACROSS
1 Old boys
4 "If I Had a
Hammer" singer
Lopez
9 To one side
14 Computer
program suffix
15 His 2,297 RBI is
a major league
record
16 Second longest
African river
17 Wonderful
sheep-fleecing
job?
20 Heels
21 Annoy
22 15-Across was
one in 21 of his
23 seasons
26 Way cool
27 Org. with some
lightweights
30 Sheltered side
31 Wrapped up
33 Part of a celestial
shower
35 Offers a view
37 Rodgers's
partner before
Hammerstein
38 Gets Dolly the
sheep to defect 9
42 Old VHS
alternative
43 Pack animals
44 Enter anew
47 Quick cut
48 Sitter's challenge
51 Letters before a
pseudonym
52 Syncopated
musical work
54 Cause to reel
56 Pursues
59 German bread
60 Use a young
sheep as a beast
of burden?
65 Noodle products?
66 Carpentry pin
67 Glasgow
negative
68 Man with a
mission
69 Ivory's partner, in
song
70 Start of an
afterthought

DOWN
1 Agave liquor
2 Say "Whew!," say
3 Hypo
4 Roofing material
5 Type of sheet or
session
6 Wilde country:
Abbr.
7 Standard
8 About to endure
9 Give the nod (to)
10 They're potted
11 Most sweaters
and jerseys
12 Source of
chutzpah
13 Took the trophy
18 Balaam's carrier
19 Jack of old
Westerns
23 What 10-Down do
24 Rent-a-car choice
25 Kidney-related
28 Brought into the
world
29 Works on the
wall?
32 Angler's gear
34 Ergo
35 Thumbs-up
36 Elegant
swimmers

5/21/09

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2009 Tribune Media Servies, Inc

38 Overly compliant
39 Went after
40 Send out
41 Seville snack
42 Top of a two-piece
45 Commend
46 It's right on the
map
48 Critter in a
Tennessee
Williams title
49 "Gypsy" star, 1959

5/21/09

50 Delved into
53 Crystal-lined rock
55 Toothpaste type
57 Listen to
58 Start to appeal?
60 Waiter's reward
61 Nabokov novel
62 Tango
complement
63 Egg source
64 English cathedral
town


