# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
Winter Reefers
*25.00
Smart, figure-flattering single-breasted reefers in smooth
needl-point wool. Perfect untrimmed "dress" coat for
college, career girls. One of a big collection of untrimmed
dress and sport coats. Black and colors. Sizes 10 to 20.
Also half size semi fitted coals. Sizes M'/2 to 24 V 2.
Walsteris
355 UNIVERSITY
