# Orchesis Names Tweedy Chairman
## 
### 
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
Betty Jane Tweedy was yesterday
appointed costume chairman for the
January concert to be given by Or
chesis, honorary dance group, in
Memorial Theater. Serving with her
will be Cecilia Bergeda, Emmy Lou
Schmidt, and Margaret Jewell, ad
viser.

Joyce Glasmann, general program
chairman, states that the concert
will be accompanied by running
script, written by Jean Nowell, who
will also serve as commentator.

"Dances from the American
Scene," the second secton of the
program, will be dramatized by a
set designed by Charles Vance, of
the speech and drama department.
Women students who wish to ap
ply for concert app. -nticeship to
the dance group are invittJ to s«e
Margaret Elliott, president, at
ion, or Miss Jewell, adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
