# "SAM" GIVES TROJANS CHALK TALK
## 
### 

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.

ELEVATOR SAM BARRY, standing with his University of Southern California football team, is possibly explaining a fine point of the Stan
foul attack, which he saw in person during the Stanford-Santa Clara game last week. Many believe that Barry is one of the smartest scouts
in football.
