# Senior Sing Plans Well Under Way
## 
### 
Plans for the senior sing to take
place November 12, from 7:45 to
10:51 in the Toyon lounge, are
finally taking shape, according to
Ethel Hoover and Chuck Smith, co
chairmen.

Special seniors in charge of the
event are Bessie Paulsen, who will
take over the community sing; Mary
Jean Haynes, who is selecting en
tertainment numbers, and Bob Bill
ings, who has negotiated the time,
place, lights and refreshments. Inci
dentally, seniors will be charged 10
cents admission to cover the cost of
cigarettes and cokes to be passed out
during the evening.

The evening will be strictly in
formal, a no-date affair. Only sen
iors will attend since the main pur
pose of the occasion is to acquaint
members of the Class of '42 with
each other. Toward the end of the
evening those who wish to will
dance.
