# Contents
## 
### 
I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





I'm Only a Bill
6 Did Stanford Com
munication Services
overbill its customers?
What will the bill be for
the vandalism of a
Alexander Calder sculp
ture on the Farm? Turn
to Newslines to find out.

Naughty Number
Nine
9 On page nine (and
eight, too), hear Cecil
ia and Tony Burciaga dis
cuss their many years at
Stanford, years which Eire
now drawing to a close.

My Hero Zero
tM to recent
I \#shake-ups at
Tresidder Union, there
soon may be zero bar
bers left at Stanford
Hair Styling. For more
information, read our
Weekly feature.

Conjunction
Junction
Having been re-
I roughed
up in his major-league
debut, former Stanford
star Andrew Lorraine is
at the crossroads of his
fledging baseball career.
See Sports.

Unpack Your Ad
jectives
A Weird, wild, won-
I weird ...
all these adjectives de
scribe the "Rocky Horror
Picture Show," now show
ing at a new Palo Alto ad
dress. See Intermission.





