# BASEBALL TEAM TO PLAY
## 
### 
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
Weather permitting, St*->"ford's
varsity baseball team will play
two games this weekend, it was
announced late last night. The
Indians meet MofTett Field (his
afternoon and play the Palo Alto
Oaks tomorrow.
