# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.

HUSKY TROJAN —Red-haired Bob Morton will see a lot of action
against the Indians this weekend. Morton is one of the
roughest players in the PCC.
