# Farm Show To Explore Dope Issue
## 
### 
Stanford's weekly television show
will take a close look tomorrow
night at the problem of "Narcotic:;
and the Addict."
Viewers will see the problem as
it appears to the physician, the so
ciologist, the law enforcement offi
cer, and the public prosecutor.
Dr. Henry C. Dahleen, San Jose
physician; Dr. Frederic W. Tcrrien,
assistant professor oi sociology at
Stanford; Inspector Len Etherington
of the San Francisco police narcotics
squad, and District Attorney Louis
B. Dematteis of San Mateo County
will each contribute to the educa
tional program.
Professor John W. Dodds of the
Stanford English Department will
again act as principal commentator.
Producing this week's show will be
Fred Joslyn.
