# ALPHA SIGMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Thomas Hitch, '34.
