# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY
2 p.m.—The Bridge group ol the
Stanford Dames will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse.
5:10 p.m.—Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist, will give a con
cert in the Memorial Church.
13:15 p.m.—Stanford DeMolay Club
will meet for dinner in the Union
dining room. Captain Luke of
R.O.T.C. will be speaker. Dinner
will be 60 cents.
7:30 p.m.—Sword and Sandals pre
sents '"The Play's the Thing," by
Ference Molnar, in the Little
Theatre. Public invited.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
2:30 p.m.—The Reading group of
the Stanfoid Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. Arthur Walter,
962 Boyce. Mrs. H. H. Badgley
will be co-hostess.
SUNDAY
4 p.m.—Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will give an organ re
cital in the Memorial Church.
