# Spanish Honor Society Elects Nine Members
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish honor
society, announces the election of
the following active and honorary
members: Carlota Blakey, Georgia
A. Crowell, Florence Jones, Mary
Louise La Venture, Dante Lembi,
Kathleen Wilson, Phyllis Wilson, ac
tive members; Alvaro <je Aguilar,
Consul for Spain at San Francisco;
Gabriel Angel-de Amenabar, Consul
for Cuba at San Francisco, honorary
members.
