# U.C.L.A. Students Work On Finance Situation
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 8 (PIP)—AII
financial affairs and business man
agement of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be han
dled by Deming G. Maclise, assist
ant comptroller of the University,
following a reorganization of the
A.S.U.C.
The Associated Students in an at
tempt to weather the present finan
cial stress has arranged for a loan
of $50,000 from the University Board
of Regents, and is dickering for an
other $50,000 loan from a Los An
geles bank.
