# Co-Eds Must Smoke, Rule Engineers At Colorado U.
## 
### 
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
fcsuuuutLK, uoio., reo. h (/n —
Smoking is one of the qualifications
specified -for the co-ed to be chosen
queen of the Engineers' Ball at the
University of Colorado Friday.
The "Secret Six," a group of en
gineering students delegated to se
lect the queen, announced the re
quirements: she must smoke mild,
inexpensive cigarettes; she must de
test strong cigars and pipes; she
must abhor alcoholic beverages; she
must be susceptible to (he attentions
of men.
