# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE-CIRCLE
NEW!
Yes we have them—the new
SPALDING irons and woods —
with deeper fares and numer
ous improvements — you will
agree with us they are the
"sweetest'' clubs you ever had
in your hand. Priced from
$3.50 up.
• ©
SMITH'S
ON-TIIE CIRCLE
The Spalding Store
