# Untitled Article
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. (AT) — The
historic old cutter Bear, rich with
the traditions of years of Arctic ad
venture. is now a meeting place and
classroom for the Oakland Sea
Scouts.
