# Federals Claim Win
## 
### 
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Oct. 12. (As
sociated Press) —A government an
nouncement today said that federal
troops had defeated two thousand
rebels at Punto Ribeira and Itarare,
in the State of Sao Paulo, near the
Parana frontier.
The statement also asserted a fed
eral force of 2000 volunteers had at
tacked insurgent forces at Jacarez
inho, in northern Parana, and, de
feating them, had continued their
advance into Parana toward Colonia
Mineira.
In the State of Goyaz, the an
nouncement said, military police
defeated a rebel column raised by
Pedro Ludovici, taking him and 70
followers prisoners and putting 200
others to flight.
