# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
A second women's field meet will he
lield at tlie State University on March
6.
