# Bunts and Bingles
## 
### 
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
Coach Billy Orr has reported to the
camp of the Salt Lake team of the Pa
cific Coast League, at San Jose, for
spring practice. He is slated to hold
down short for the Mormon club this
season. Salt Lake practices in the
morning, so the coach will be able to
spend his afternoons with the varsity
squad.
The Peanut League pennant con
tenders are displaying mid-season
fo.rm. Monday's game between the
Whites and the Blues was the best
played on the Faculty diamond since
the schedule began. Coyle, twirling
for the Whites, held the Blues to two
hits in six innings and struck out
seven men. Smith won honorable
mention, making a double play unas
sisted, and driving out a two-bagger,
which brought in the winning run for
the Whites. The score read Whites 2,
Blues 1.
The Blacks took another game away
from the Reds on the auxiliary dia
mond, winning the series from the
league leaders. The Whites broke even
with the Blues, and have a chance to
pull down the Reds before the end of
the week. The standing of the teams
is now as follows:
P W L Pet.
Reds 10 7 3 .700
Whites 9 6 3 .066
Blacks 8 4 4 .500
Blues 11 3 8 .272
The seventh series of games begins
today. The Whites .remain on the
Faculty field, and will meet the
Blacks. The Blues migrate to the
other diamond, where they play five
games with the Reds.
Frank Chance, ex-manage,r of the
Chicago Cubs, and later of the New-
York Yankees, visited the campus Sat
urday afternoon. He looked over the
varsity diamond with Captain Work
man, and complimented Stanford on
its modern ball park. Chance has re
tired from baseball forever.
Campbell, who led the Peanut
League in hitting was moved up to the
va.rsity squad Friday. He is now
playing first for the second team.
