# Wilson, ’13, Publicity Man at Fair
## 
### 
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
Noil C. Wilson, '1.°., is publicity man
of the Press Mureau on the Exposition
grounds. Wilson was formerly thp
dramatic critic of the S;in Francisco
Examiner.
