# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
A total of 8,103 California veter
ans have taken advantage of state
financial assistance in furthering
their education.
