# VETS' ALLOWANCES
## 
### 
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
Veterans with service-connected
disabilities rated GO per cent or
more in degree are entitled to al
lowances for dependents under a
new law. but they must submit
proof of these dependents before
the additional compensation can be
paid, Veterans Administration said
yesterday.
