# Major Leagues Enter Final Week's Play
## 
### JACK BLOOD 
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
Major league baseball enters its |
final week alter the biggest season
in years. Two hot flag races drew
fans into the various parks in rec
ord numbers with a five-team Na
tional League race and a four-team
American League merry-go-round
attracting the customers in droves.
The Boston Braves finally nailed
down the senior circuit pennant
'Sunday after leading most of the
year. However, the Braves had
plenty of trouble shaking off their
pursuers. The surprising Pittsburgh
Pirates and the slugging Giants
didn't drop out until last week,
while the St. Louis Cardinals and

Brooklyn Dodgers hung on until i
the Braves clinched it Sunday. I
The American League is still in
the midst of its hottest race since
1940. with three teams battling it
out for first place. With only six
games to play, a mere game sepa
rates the Cleveland Indians, Boston
Red Sox, and New York Yankees.
Connie Mack's Athletics finally
gave up the chase after keeping
pace with the leaders most of the
season.
Billy Soulhworth's Braves cli
maxed a year of steady, if not bril
liant, play by winning their first
pennant in 34 years. Third base
man Bob Elliott's three-run homer j

iced the game and the pennant as
the Braves beat the Giants 3 to 2.
