# Trustees to Hold Campus Meeting
## 
### 
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
For the first time in the history of
the University the Board of Trustees
will hold its regular monthly meet
ing on the Stanford campus, it was
learned from the president's office.
The 14 members of the board will
gather today at 2:30 o'clock in Room
17 of the Education Building, al
though meetings arc customarily held
in San Francisco. Routine business
will occupy the attention of mem
bers, it was disclosed. Leland W.
Cutler of San Francisco, president
of the board, will preside.
