# BRITISH PREPARE FOR WAR ON ARABS
## 
### 

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.

TO OVERCOME rebel Arab resistance, the British are increasing their Palestine forces. Reinforcements will
bring Britain's Holy Land army to its largest size since the World War, the addition of about 400(1 men and
a battery of artillery bringing the total to 17,000 men. Armored cars, such as those shown 011 a Jerusalem
road, are currently being used to patrol the country areas and in punitive raids.
