# Orchesis to Hold Drama Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
Tryouts for the dance drama, "The
Juggler of Notre Dame," will bo
held Thursday, October 27. at 5
o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to Miss Margaret Jewell,
dance instructor. Based on an old
French legend, the dance drama will
be presented by Orchesis, women's
dance group, in Memorial Hall on
November 30.
The first scene is open to those
who are not Orchesis members, and
Junior Orchesis members as well as
women who wish to become Orchesis
members arc especially urged to
• try out.
Unlike Junior Orchesis. which is
j open to all women interested in
j dancing, Orchesis is an advanced
i group, and its members are admit
ted only after specified tryouts;
moreover, it places more emphasis
upon composition and production.
