# D.U. PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of George Voll, '40,
Bruce Merickel, '40, Bob Faul, '40,
and A1 Pickhardt, '40, to Delta Up
silon.
