# MARX RECOVERING FROM BAD ATTACK OF POLIOMYELITIS
## 
### 
Reaching the most critical stage
(wo days ago, Robert H. Marx,
freshman polomyelitis victim, is
resting as comfortably as could be
expected, according to friends who
have been in communication with
his mother.
Marx, a first string goalie on the
freshman soccer squad, became ill
over a week ago and was rushed to
lhe Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco as soon as a diagnosis had
been completed. He was placed in
a respirator and thus enabled to
breathe, in spite of paralysis
throughout the upper portion of his
body.
It is expected that Marx will be
confined to the hospital for the re
mainder of the quarter and that he
will not return to Stanford this
year.
Match production in the United
States is declining.
