# MASSEY RECOVERS FROM CAR MISHAP
## 
### 
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
James Massey, '34, member of the
freshman football squad, returns to
his classes today after two days in
the Palo Alto Hospital as a result
of an auto accident which occurred
Sunday night.
Massey was hurled to the pave
ment as he stood on the running
board of one car which collided
with another on University avenue.
He suffered a lacerated leg and
nervous shock, hospital officials
said. The case was under Ihe care
of Dr. E. Roth.
