# INSIDE
## 
### 
Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

Sombrero
President Bush visits
Mexico for trade talks with
Salinas.
See World & Nation, page 3

Stories
New children's books for
holiday season provide
ideas for shoppers.
See Books, page 7

Set
Volleyball team's Bev Oden
is named Pac-10 Player of
the year.
See Sports, page 9

