# BASEBALL FRIDAY
## 
### 
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
Stanford guns for Cal at 3:00
on the Sunken Diamond. The
Tribe plays Saturday at Ber
keley. The magic number for a
trip to the NCAA's at Omaha
is ONE.
