# Village to Hear Senator Taylor
## 
### 
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
Senator Glenn Taylor will speak
at Stanford Village Friday at 4
p.m., Tom Lupher, Stanford chair
man of Students for Wallace, an
nounced today. Taylor's speech is
sponsored jointly by Students for
Wallace and the Palo Alto chapter
of the Independent Progressive
party.
Senator Taylor, running mate of
Henry Wallace, was originally a
Democrat from Idaho, but left his
party when he decided that it "had
been betrayed by the militarists
and the Wall Street trusts.'' An ac
complished singer and guitar play
er, he will employ both these tal
ents at the meeting.
Taylor rode a horse across the
country in 1946 to dramatize his
opposition to American foreign pol
icy. During the last session of Con
gress, he filibustered against the
Taft-Hartley Act, and later against
the draft.
