# EAST HAY CLUB
## 
### 
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
Mr. John L. Taylor, lecturer in
geography, will speak, today at a
noon meeting of the East Bay Stan
ford Women's Club. The .subject of
his talk will be "American Prob
lems in the Pacific." The meeting
will be held at the Claremont
Country Club.
