# BLEACHERS DISAPPEAR
## 
### 
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25 (/P). —
Hey, somebody stole our bleachers,
the Redwood Cily Rodeo Associa
tion complained today to police.
The police were skeptics, but they
went and looked. Bleachers to seat
about 1.000 people were gone.
Police Lieutenant Stanley Wood
said he couldn't understand how
anyone could have hauled the sev
eral truckloads of stuff away with
out being detected.
