# PICKERS PICK UP
## 
### 
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
The Daily sports staff hit 15 win
ners and a tie in 20 games last
weekend for a . 780 percentage to
raise their season average to .767.
