# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
BLOOMFIELD, N.J., May 26 (UP).
—Breaking all existing records for
scoring, Craig Wood, 38-year-old
pro of the Winged Foot Golf Club,
won the Metropolitan Open Cham
pionship at the Forest Hill Field
Club today with a 72-hole total of
264,

Grand Coulee Dam will furnish
water to more than a million acres
of fertile lands.
