# Father of Stanford Student Dies in South
## 
### 
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
William Conselman, noted Holly
wood scenarist and father of Deirdre
Conselman, Stanford freshman, died
at his home last Saturday of a liver
ailment. Co-author of the "Ella Cin
ders" comic strip, Mr. Conselman
also wrote or adapted such movie
successes as Eddie Cantor's first
talkie, "Whoopie," Will Rogers'
"Connecticut Yankee," and Bing
Crosby's "East Side of Heaven."
