# Journal Club
## 
### 
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
Dr. Gerald Mulders, OlTice of
Naval Research. San Francisco,
will discuss "Magnetic Fields of
the Sun, Stars, and the Galaxy"
this afternoon at 4 at an open
meeting of the Department of
Physics Journal Club. The meet
ing will be held in Room 372.
Physics Corner.
