# Deadline Tomorrow For Quad Photo Proofs
## 
### 
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
Proofs of Quad pictures taken
last quarter must he returned to
the yearbook office with choice
indicated hy tomorrow, or the
Quad will select the pose to he
used in this year's annual.
Students who want retakes
must tell the Quad before <i p.m.
today.
Men and women who were not
photographed last quarter may
have their pictures taken at the
Quad office next week, any day
between !) a.m. and noon or I and
5:30 p.m.
