# Film Society
## 
### 
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
"The Love Parade," directed by
Ernst Lubitsch and starring
Maurice Chevalier and Jeanetle
Mac Donald, will be presented to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is by member
ship in the Stanford Film Society
only.
