# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wc repair .ill makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phon
ograph sets.
Ray Atwaters
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cara
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
Forrest at High PA G1 38
I :
