# Japanese Carpenter Attacks MacArthur with Wooden Sword
## 
### 
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
TOKYO, Tuesday, Jan. 28 (UP).— <
General Douglas Mac Arthur per
sonally disarmed a Japanese car
penter who attacked him with a
wooden sword Sunday at the en
trance to his headquarters, unim
peachable sources reported today.
The carpenter rushed at the Gen
eral brandishing what at first ap
peared to be a sword of steel. Mac-
Arthur seized him and took the
sword, to which was attached a pe
tition requesting him to ease Japa
nese suffering.
Mac Arthur turned the Jap over
to military police with instructions
to "teach him some good manners."
The carpenter's ineffective as
sault was the first known direct at
tempt to harm the General during
more than 1(5 months that he has
spent in Japan. Among most of the
Japanese people, he has been re
vered and even worshipped in place
of the emperor-god whom he dis
placed as the supreme authority in
the island empire.
However, there have been fre
quent reports of threats against
Mac Arthur's life.
