# CUTHBERTSON, UP SHAW WIN
## Halls Take Head Class Positions 
### 
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
Stanford's closest election in years
yesterday eased Ken Cuthbertson,
Delt, Row candidate, into the office
of President of the Associated Stu
dents.
Hall candidates controlled the top
class offices, but Row gains in other
posts brought the total of offices
won to 15 for the Row, and 14 for
the Halls.
Preliminary count of votes cast
was 1872, but Election Board Chair
man Dave Stephenson estimated that
the total was closer to 2000, since
not all voters marked ballots for
the office on which this figure was
tabulated. Last year's total was
2033.
Coline Upshaw, the Row's Deegee
vice-presidential candidate, roared
into office with a 400 majority over
Jean Bolton. Maxine Turner, the
Band's famed drum majorette, re
ceived 54 write-in votes to take
third place.
Lagunita's prize of $5 for the casa
with the largest turnout went to
Casa Granada. Forty-eight of the
casa's 50 residents voted. A 90 per
cent vote was recorded for all of
Lagunita Court, according to Ste
phenson.
All returns are subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee.
