# Christian Science Lecturer Talks On Right Way of Living
## 
### 
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
Professor Hermann S. Hering, C. S.
8., member of the Board of Lectureship
of the Mother Church, The First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massa
chusetts, delivered a lecture entitled
"Christian Science, the Science of Right
Living," Monday evening, February 7th,
under the auspices of Christian Science
Society of Stanford University. Pro
fessor Hering was formerly on the
faculty of Johns Hopkins University of
Baltimore, engaged in electrical engi
neering work.
