# DR. WILBUR RETURNS FROM EASTERN TRIP
## 
### 
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
President Wilbur, who has just re
turned from a trip to New York on
University business, was a guest of
honor together with Herbert Hoover,
'95, and Leland Cutler, '06, alumni
trustees of the University, at a dinner
given by the New York alumni last
Friday evening.
I3rody Higley, '99, president of the
New York Alumni Club, presided and
the three honor guests spoke, telling
the New York Stanford men about
conditions and plans for the Univer
sity.
