# W. P. STANIFORD TALKS TO ADVERTISING CLASS
## 
### 
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
W. Paul Staniford addressed the ad
vertising class this morning. He is the
director of advertising in the store for
men at the Emporium in San Francisco,
and spoke on "Retail Advertising in the
Department Store." He graduated from
Stanford in 1915 and was one of the
leading journalists of his class, having
held the positions of both editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and editor of the Quad,
