# Nevada Whitewashes Reliance.
## 
### 
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
The team of the University of
Nevada played havoc with the Re
liance team on the college campus
at Reno last Saturday. The score
of 8 to 0' was made during
each half. The Steckle brothers
went through the Reliance team
repeatedly for big gains, the big
guard C. Smith got through and
blocked the plays before the ball
left the quarter-back's hands, and
as a whole the Nevada team played
a fast game.
