# Law Students Organize.
## 
### 
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
For the first time in the history
of the Stanford Law department
there are enough men in one class
who expect to take the degree of
LL. B. to effect a class organiza
tion. The Law class of 1903 took
action Thursday looking toward
the permanent organization as a
class of the candidates for LL. B.
A committee consisting of B. P.
Oakford, F. W. Doane, and A. M.
Free reported today ils action to
the class when a constitution was
adopted and the candidates became
members of the organized Law class
of 1903.
