# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
An interested member of the faculty
plans a boxing and wrestling tourna
ment; he invites everybody to come
and see the matches; the audience re
pays his courtesy by breaking down
the doors of his building, at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in a
mad effort to exit in record time. We
give only an accurate description of
the proceedings at the gymnasium last
evening, and we leave the Student
Body to judge the offenders.
