# SELLARDS IN EUROPE
## 
### 
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
John A. SellardB, endowment secre
tary, is now traveling in Europe and
expects to return to the campus by
November 10. Sellards was the direc
tor of the summer quarter this year.
