# MANY FRESHMEN REPORT
## 
### 
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
Claude Reeds, freshman coach at the
University of Oklahoma, has 112 fresh
men working out for the yearling foot
ball squad. With the arrival of much
new equipment, many other candidates
are expected to report for practice.
