# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
California now produces nearly a
fourth of the entire oil production of
the United States.
