# WASHINGTON DEBATE WINNERS WILL BE ELECTED BY AUDIENCE
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Winners of next year's conference de
bates will be elected by ballot by the
audience that hears the debate, in
stead of by judges, according to the
decision reached at the debate confer
ence held March 24 and 25, at the Uni
versity of California. Formation of the
Pacific Coast forensic conference with
a membership of eleven colleges was
accomplished at the meeting. The con
ference brought out the general belief
that students, as represented by the
student associations, should have more
to say about debate. Such timely ques-

tions as the University of Washington
had on light wines and beers for the
past year were unanimously endorsed.
Federal suppression of the Ku Klux
Klan and alien exclusions were chosen
as the conference questions for next
year. The establishment of intramural
debating was also decided upon.
