# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


ACROSS
1 Cotton swabs
originally called
Baby Gays
6 Actor Guinness
10 More than
stumbled
14 Basic belief
15 Capital
surrounding
Vatican City
16 Falco of The
Sopranos"
17 Shabby
18 $3 million, 30-
sec. Super Bowl
feature
19 Poet St.
Vincent Millay
20 Feeling of
uneasiness
23 Jungle swinger
25 Fla. hours
26 Cummerbund fold
27 Hand-held two
way
communications
device
32 Cheering noisily
33 Mashed luau
staple
34 "M'A'S'H" staff
37 Reprimander's
"reading"
40 Leave for a bit
43 Mind reader's
skill, briefly
44 "How beautiful!"
46 Oil refinery input
47 Up-tempo jazz
piano style
51 Ami's good-bye
54 Tiny bit
55 His-and-_
towels
56 Symbolic
nosegays
61 Isaac's eldest
62 Knucklehead
63 Close, as a parka
66 Hollywood
success
67 Hollywood
favorite
68 College town
near Bangor
69 Nanny's charge
70 Bills with
Hamilton on
them
71 Rehab step
DOWN
1 Super Bowl div.

2 Green or black
brew
3 Fully informed
4 Sampras of
tennis
5 Eyelid problem
6 Manet or Monet
7 Affectionate bop
8 Key with four
sharps: Abbr.
9 Give up formally
10 Weak
11 Murphy of "48
HRS."
12 Top of a form,
perhaps
13 "It's the _ I can
do"
21 Honey maker
22 Prefix with center
or cycle
23 Informed (of)
24 Capital on the
Seine
28 See 31-Down
29 Lyricist
Gershwin
30 _ Angeles
31 With 28-Down,
layered chocolate
bar
34 Glitch in need of
smoothing out
35 Film with
nakedness

36 Cattle drive
critter
38 Pigeon's sound
39 Dress (up)
41 Green prefix
42 Athlete who isnt
green?
45 Stumble across,
as an idea
47 Have no doubt
48 "Yes, mon ami"
49 Props for Monet
and Manet

50Partofwpm:
Abbr.
51 'This is only
52 Like the trail on a
cattle drive
53 Singer Chris
57 Change text
58 Pie a la _
59 Former Lacoste
partner
60 Dublin's isle
64 Half of dos
65 Chicken

By John Lampkin 4/4/11

Friday's Puzzle Solved

(C) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/2/11


