# Unequal Time
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Federal Communications
Commission denied Thursday a
fairness doctrine complaint
against KPIX-TV, San Francisco, a
licensee of the Westinghouse
Broadcasting Corp.
The Boalt Hall Student
Association of the University of
California at Berkeley had asked
for equal time to reply to
statements made by California
Gov. Ronald Reagan in a special
program aired Dee. 8, 1968.
