# Confab Slated On Socialism
## 
### 
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
A conference on socialism, with
special emphasis on how to make
t' in the United
!d today through
£■. "V
C v the Youth
SociaL '1 the Socialist
Workers 1. onference will
include »*.».mohs on black
nationalism, women's liberation,
the student and antiwar
movements, and the Chicano
struggle for self-determination.
The conference will be held at
the John Muir School auditorium,
2955 Claremont Ave. (off Ashby).
There is a nominal registration
fee.
