# Teamsters Ask For Right To Represent
## 
### 
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
The secretary of Local 856 of
the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters has written President
Kenneth Pitzer asking that the
University recognize the union as
the respresentative of the
employees in the Physical Plant.
In a letter dated Nov. 26, Rudy
Tham told Pitzer, "Our Union
now represents a majority of the
employees of Stanford University
working in its Physical Plant
department."
"We are anxious to schedule a
meeting with you or your delegate
for the purpose of reaching an
understanding as to the scope of
the bargaining unit and to discuss
the initiation of contract
negotiations."
"We wish to emphasize," Tham
continued, "That in dealing with
these matters could cause serious
interference with normal
employment. We have no desire to
precipitate economic activity of
any kind, but we would be less
than candid if we didn't inform
you that the present situation is

serious and could get out of hand
if there is indecision on the part of
the University."
Tham said that he received a
reply from Frederic Glover,
executive assistant to Pitzer,
saying that the university
president was out of town and
that the letter would be brought
to his attention immediately upon
his return. vl
In union action last night,
about seventy members of the
employee organizing group met at
Ricky's Hyatt House with Tham
in a question and answer session.
The discussion revolved around
the issues of job security,
employee intimidation, and fringe
benefits.
Keith Stothers, a steamfitter in
the plant, said that 120 of the
plants 146 employees have signed
statements asking that the
Teamsters be recognized on
campus and that the union be
allowed to speak for them. He
said that more men were signing
up all the time.
