# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Following tbe piecedent of pre
ceding years tbe second eleven will
probably play as nmny outside games
as tbe Varsity. Trij s have already
been planned to some of tbe larger
interior cities. The second eleven
will get tbe same coaching as tbe
Vardty; it will go into training at
tbe same table, and it should put up
a game of football that will do honor
to tbe University. No better method
tor sustaining the interest in tbe
game could be suggested than these
outside games of the second eleven.
Following tbe piecedent of pre
ceding years tbe second eleven will
probably play as nmny outside games
as tbe Varsity. Trij s have already
been planned to some of tbe larger
interior cities. The second eleven
will get tbe same coaching as tbe
Vardty; it will go into training at
tbe same table, and it should put up
a game of football that will do honor
to tbe University. No better method
tor sustaining the interest in tbe
game could be suggested than these
outside games of the second eleven.
Following tbe piecedent of pre
ceding years tbe second eleven will
probably play as nmny outside games
as tbe Varsity. Trij s have already
been planned to some of tbe larger
interior cities. The second eleven
will get tbe same coaching as tbe
Vardty; it will go into training at
tbe same table, and it should put up
a game of football that will do honor
to tbe University. No better method
tor sustaining the interest in tbe
game could be suggested than these
outside games of the second eleven.
