# Sept. Advanced Degree Deadline Announced
## 
### 
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
Monday, April 25, has been an
nounced as the deadline for filing
applications for September advanced
degrees. All applications for Sep
tember A.M., M.S., and Engineer de
grees must be in by that date, ac
cording to the Committee on Grad
uate Study.
Applications must be approved by
major departments and turned in to
the Graduate Study Office,
