# Sigma Phi Sigma Plans Med Tour
## 
### 
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pro
medical and pre - nursing society,
will tour Stanford School of Medi
cine in San Francisco Friday after
noon. Cars will leave Bowman
Alumni House at 1:45 and will re
turn by dinner.
Students who wish to go on the
tour and who are not signed up are
asked to call John McFee at DA
3-8631. Freshman pre - meds and
pre-nurses are especially invited.
* #
Sigma Phi Sigma will sponsor a
discussion tomorrow at 5 p.m. in
Room 430. Dr. Graham DuShane of
Ihe Biology Department will discuss
"The Chances of Entering Med
School."
Interested students may call Helen
Huang at Lagunita Court (DA
2-2151) between 10 and 10:30 to
night.
