# Hammarskjold to Be Graduation Speaker
## 
### 
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
Dag Hammar.'k jold, Secretary
General of the United Nations,
will be the principal speaker at
Stanford University's Commence
ment. exercises, it was announced
yesterday.
The 64th annual rites will be
held June 19 in Frost Amphithea
ter. Approximately 2,200 degree
winners and 6.000 spectators are
expected to crowd the outdoor
bowl to capacity.
The Rev. Robert J. McCracken,
Baptist minister of the Riverside
Church on Riverside Drive in

New York City, will deliver the
Bacalaureate sermon Commence
ment morning in Stanford Me
morial Church.
Dr. Hammarskjold, Swedish
political economist, was deputy
foreign minister and represented
his government at the United
Nations until he succeeded Tryg
ve Lie as U.N. Secretary General
in 1953.
He will participate in the Unit
ed Nations commemorative ses
sion in San Francisco June 20-26.
