# Circle "S" for Fencers, Boxers, and Wrestlers
## 
### 
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
Executive Committee last night
adopted a ruling calling for the
awarding of the Circle "S" to men
who win their bouts in the fencing,
boxing and wrestling teams in com
petition with the University of Cali
fornia. Consideration was given to
the granting of (he Circle "S" to all
men who make the teams, but it was
felt that to award the letter to men
who simply are named on the team
would not prove as great an incentive
to win the match.
