# Rugby Men Required to Show Up Monday
## Lachmund Disappointed With Number of Men Out for Spring Practice 
### 
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
Spring rugby practice will start in
earnest next Monday night at 4:15,
and Captain O. G. Lachmund, '17,
fetates that every man who intends to
come out for the Cardinal fifteen must
he on hand then and start work. Cap
tain Lachmund, with the assistance of
former varsity men, is conducting
spring workouts every night on the
varsity field.
Lachmund says that it is imperative
this year to conduct spring practice,
as the inauguration of the four-quar
ter system next fall will shorten the
fall season by just one month. This
would leave only October and the first
half of November to develop a fifteen
to meet the Santa Clara contingent
next fall, which time is considered en
tirely too short to bring forth a com
bination that could defeat the Mis
sionite team. Men who expect to
have a chance of making the varsity
next fall should turn out for spring
practice.
