# Economics Majors to Hold Smoker at Union Thursday
## 
### 
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
Economics majors will be the guests
of Economics Club at a smoker to be
held in the Stanford Union, next
Thursday evening at 7:15 p.m. Eco
nomics Club wishes to have the mem
bers of the department become act
ually acquainted, and to have the stu
dents meet the professors out of the
classrooms. A snappy program of
speeches and music is being arranged,
and plenty of smokes and eats will be
in order.
