# Medical School Tues. Series Topic
## 
### 
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
"The Stanford Medical School
Tomorrow" will he under discus
sion in tonight's Tuesday Evening
Series talk at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Featured speakers will he Wind
sor Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and dean of the School of
Medicine, and P. Whitney Webb,
a rehiteet.
Cutting will tiilk on "The Edu
cational Program," with Webb ex
plaining "The Architectural Con
cept,"
