# Law Profession To Be Discussed
## 
### 
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
Howard Taubenfeld, a repre
sentative of the Columbia Law
School, will meet with any stu
dents who seek information about
law as a career or who are inter
ested in the Columbia Law
School. The group meeting will
be held today at 4 p.m. in Room
18, Building 1, Inner Quad.
