# Sales for Senior Ski Weekend Start
## 
### 
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
Tickets for the Senior Ski Week
End, which will lie held at lieno
Feb. 21-21, are now on sale at En
gineering Corner and are open to
all groups in which at least one
member of the group is a senior.
Starting next Monday, tickets
will be available to all classes.
Buses will leave Thursday, Feb.
21, at 4 p.m. Bus tickets, which
include transportation to Reno
and back and transportation to
the ski area, are $8.
