# Kirkwood to Talk On GOP Situation
## 
### 
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
Robert C. Kirkwood, state con
troller and as yet the only an
nounced candidate for Senator
William Knowland's position in
1958, will speak in Bowman Alum
ni House tomorrow at 4:15 p.m.
The meeting is sponsored by Pi
Sigma Alpha.
