# Associated Students
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Monday, 22nd,
at 1:30 pm. in the chapel. The
business of the meeting will be to
elect a Board of Control for the
Daily Palo Alto. A large attend
ance is urged in order that there
may be no difficulty in securing
representative persons and in order
that there may be no delay in the
publishing of the paper next se
mester.
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Monday, 22nd,
at 1:30 pm. in the chapel. The
business of the meeting will be to
elect a Board of Control for the
Daily Palo Alto. A large attend
ance is urged in order that there
may be no difficulty in securing
representative persons and in order
that there may be no delay in the
publishing of the paper next se
mester.
