# Excom Announces Plan for Quarter
## 
### 
Dick Driscoll, A.S.S.U. president,
outlined last night at a meeting of
Excom a basis for Excom discussion
suggested by conferences with the
University deans and Dr. Tresidder.
Subjects which will be taken up by
Excom this quarter will be the im
provement of student-faculty and
student-soldier relations, and con
tinued extensive discussion of the
Fundamental Standard and Honor
Code in relation to present condi
tions.
Excom reaffirmed the social policy
of encouraging no off-campus dances,
no late dates, and as few mid-week
social functions as possible. It was
announced that the plan for an Army
Student Council has been approved
by Colonel Eden and is awaiting ap
proval by Dr. Tresidder to take its
place as an addition to the student
government. It has been put forward
in its entirety by students in the
ASTP stationed here.
