# MERE AND THERE WITH THE NEWS CAMERA
## EDITOR OUSTED; STUDENTS THREATEN STRIKE 
### 

This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.


This mass meeting on the
steps of tlv«2 Columbia univer
sity library was called to urge a
student strike in protest against
the expulsion of Reed Harris
(above), editor of the Specta
tor, student publication. Reed
was ousted because he failed to
prove the truth of editorial
statements attacking athletics
and other school activities to
the satisfaction of school au
thorities.

