# "Vocations And Marriage" To Be Subject Of Talk
## 
### 
"Vocations and Marriage" will be |
the subject of a talk by Mrs. Vir- i
ginia Judy Esterley in the Women's I
Clubhouse next Thursday at. 7:15)
o'clock, under the auspices of the j
Stanford A.W.S.
This question of adjustment is the
one most interesting to Stanford j
women, according to their testimony
on a questionnaire submitted to j
them earlier in the year.
Mrs. Esterley, a graduate of the
University of California, has studied
women's work abroad, especially the I
Danish movement. She lately re- j
signed her post as Dean of Women I
at the University of Oregon, which
she had held for many years, in j
order to pursue her study of the ,
feminist causc. She is now writing j
a thesis on the subject for U.S.C.
Her work and her charming per- j
sonality are well known in her field.
