# BARRYMORE FINED
## 
### 
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 11. (/P>
—Ethel Barrymore Colt, actress
daughter of Ethel Barrymore, was
fined $18 last night for speeding.
She said she was hurrying to a re
hearsal in Philadelphia.
