# Smokerless Smoker a Success.
## 
### 
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
The Smokerless Smoker held 111
Assembly Hall Friday night was an
entire success. The affair was large
ly attended and all of the "stunts"
were good. The program was car
ried out as scheduled save for the
omission of "Dad" Moulton and his
dogs, "Dad" being unable to ap >car
because of his recent illness. 1 lie
affair netted approxiamtely $joo for
the treasury of the Associated Stu
dents.
