# "Swede" Righter
## 
### 
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
"Swede" Righter is one of the made
over rugby players whom San Fran
cisco "eggsperts" said would never
forget rugby tactics long enough to
product of 1919 and has been going
was the mainstay of "Bob" Evans'
play a stellar brand of American. Ho
such great guns this season that his
last year's critics are already picking
him for All-Western center and a
first-class possibility for All Ameri
can center.
"Swede" starred in the Santa Clara

game which was his first game after
returning from his rugby sojourn in
Europe. Time after time he went
through the Santa Clara line and mes
sed up plays ihat had mean appear
ances.

and majors in the History Department
He hails from Campbell, California,
and will wear number 27 in the Big
Game.


"Swede" Righter at center has been
one of the sensations of the pres
ent season. "Swede" has been
mentioned a possible All-Star center.
Righter is a member of Encina Club
