# Howard Deems
## 
### 
Deems comes to Stanford with two
years good work behind liim on the
Occidental varsity. This sets him in

shape to do great work on the eleven
in the big game. He proved a tower
""of strength on the southern team in
his first two years and has been one
of the hole makers on this year's
Cardinal varsity.
Deems is the heaviest man that has
been playing steadily on the team and
fills the gap on the right side of the

center to a nicety. He has stayed
around 195 to 200 pounds throughout
the season, and with the exception
of a slight ankle wounld has been
going line through the whole series
of games. He is 22 years old and
claims Long Beach as his home. His
number on the team is 7 and he plays
a hard game under the lucky digit.
He belongs to Phi Kappa Psi fratern
ity.


Howard Deems, the heaviest first
string man on the team, tipping the
beam at 195 pounds. He plays right
goard.
