# 1911 Quad Board Augmented.
## 
### 
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
Editor T,. L. Hill of the 1911 Quad
has announced the appointment of
Miss (r. S. Hardy and K. Chamberlain
to the art department of the next Ju
nior annual.
