# Arcade Moot Court Holds Meeting.
## 
### 
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
The members of the Arcade Moot
Court held a regular meeting last eve
ning in room 12 of the Law building.
M. R. Kirkwood, '09, presided over
the session as Chief Justice, and a
case in Agency was argued. The ap
pellant was represented by PI. L. Ha
worth, '10, and E. D. Lakin, gr., ap
peared as the attorney for the respon
dent. The court could not agree upon
a decision, and it was deferred until
the next meeting.
