# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two of Stanford's representatives,
Cotton, '94, and Bledsoe. '96, upon the
executive committee of the intercol
legiate debating league, went to San
Francisco Saturday to meet, the U. C.
members of the committee and to com
plete arrangements for the debate. It
was decided to hold the debate at the
Midwinter Fair on or about April 20.
Judges were selected and some other
business was transacted
Two of Stanford's representatives,
Cotton, '94, and Bledsoe. '96, upon the
executive committee of the intercol
legiate debating league, went to San
Francisco Saturday to meet, the U. C.
members of the committee and to com
plete arrangements for the debate. It
was decided to hold the debate at the
Midwinter Fair on or about April 20.
Judges were selected and some other
business was transacted
Two of Stanford's representatives,
Cotton, '94, and Bledsoe. '96, upon the
executive committee of the intercol
legiate debating league, went to San
Francisco Saturday to meet, the U. C.
members of the committee and to com
plete arrangements for the debate. It
was decided to hold the debate at the
Midwinter Fair on or about April 20.
Judges were selected and some other
business was transacted
