# GERMAN GHIEFS TALK IT OVER
## 
### 
This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

This trio, now in the saddle of control in Germany's governmental
affairs, were caught in this informal pose in one of their appearances
in Berlin. Left to right: Chancellor Adolf Hitler, Vice Chancellor
Franz Von Papen, and Reichswehr Minister Werner Von Blomberg.

