# Academic Council Honors Three Dead Colleagues
## 
### 
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
Resolutions in memory of three
colleagues who have died recently
were adopted by the Academic
Council at a meeting on Friday.
'They were Dr. J. M. Mehrtens, act
ing dean of the medical school; Pro
fessor Horatio W. Stebbins of the
department of engineering; and Pro
fessor Theodore S. Dunn of mining
engineering.
Eucalyptus trees were first im
ported into California in 1860.
