# THIRTY-EIGHT MAKE FIRST TRYOUTS IN ENGLISH CLUB PLAY
## 
### 
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
Thirty-eight persons made the pre
liminary tryouts for the English Club
play, "The Yellow Jacket," yesterday.
Further tryouts will be held tonight
in the Little -'Theater from 7 to 9
o'clock, and more people are wanted
to try for parts.
Those who were successful yester
day were:
C. M. Patton, Victor Cappa, Scherl
Levy, Jackson Carle, Edward Jona
nyan, Sam Langford, C. H. Morris,
Orion Clarke, Don Chase, Paul Joseph,
Leonard Rehm, Louis Bucklin, Eric
Jordan, Donald Liebendorfer, C. E.
Weaver, John Field, R. E. Blood, Nor
man Devel, Worth Caldwell, Alexander
Briggs, Norris James, Mathew To
briner, M. H. Mertz, Daniel Gage, Jr.,
Raymond Haizlip, Bert Levit, Richard
Gross, Clias. Moore, Eric Kraemer,
Dick Malaby.
Anne Gardner, Emily Wordman,
Katherine Reid, Anita Kerr, E. Low
stetter, Mary Wildman, Adelini Selna.
