# STANFORD WILL HELP AT BENEFIT CONCERT
## 
### 
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
A benefit concert for European
children, will be given in the Audi
torium in Sun Francisco, next Tues
day evening, February 1. This is a
part of the big drive under way in
the city to help the Hoover relief
work. President Wilbur and Mrs.
Hoover will give addresses in behalf
of the campaign. The Stanford Glee
Club is on the program of the con
cert.
