# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
t w I LPS - T 112 * K r L
WHITE STAG
Sail cloth Separates
skirts
blouses
shorts and longs
pedal pushers
sheath dresses
hats
beach bags
sizes 1 0 to 20
Colors
grey blue
coral green
red dark brown
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
