# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
KZSU doesn't rccommcnd us
but Duncan Hines docs! (He's
crazy!)
m d|nah s
The Rhine
Another interesting feature
of the
SUPER GRAND
AIR TOUR
for all details sec:
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
537 Ramona Palo Alto
DAvcnport 3-2468
