# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marilyn Sanchez-
Core, '55, to Rod Gibson, '53, Stan
ford Firehouse.
