# Last Assembly on December 6
## 
### 
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
Professor Howard, Chairman of the
Faculty Entertainment Committee has
announced that the last assembly of
ihe semester will be held on Monday.
December (>, at 11:15 o'clock. Al
though no definite arrangements have
beer, mad", President Jordan has con
sented to be one of the speakers.
