# Gym. Club Postpones Two Events.
## 
### 
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
The open meeting night and the
gymnastic contest which were sched
uled by the Gymnasium Club for No
vember 2f> and December 2, have each
been postponed one week. This will
bring them on December 2 and 9, re
spectively.
