# WHITE IN PERU
## 
### 
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
Dr. C. Langdon White, Professor
of Geography at Stanford, is this
year a Visiting Professor at San
Marcos University in Lima, Paru,
on an invitation arranged through
the U.S. Department of State.
Professor White will return to
Stanford in 1948. Dr. Manchester
and Mr. George, former Stanford
geographers, have accepted appoint
ments at the University of Hawaii.
