# Postal Box Rent Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
Rent, for post office boxes is Hue
immediately, according to Jack Cal
lahan, postmaster. New boxes will
be placed on sale as soon as pos
sible, he stated.
The word "University" has been
dropped from the Stanford Post Of
fice address, and hereafter "Stan
ford, California" will be the proper
way to have mail addressed, Calla
han announced.
All students receiving package
notices are urged to call for their
parcels immediately to help allevi
ate the present post office conges
tion.
