# Special Notices.
## 
### 
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
For wood Cigars, Tobacco anil Cig
arettes go to the Encina Barber Shop,
Thirty different brands of Tobacca
kept in stock.
