# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.

THE ALMA TRIO presented the first of a series of three summer
concerts in Memorial Auditorium yesterday afternoon. Roman Toten
beig', violin: Adolph Bailer, piano; Gahor Rejto, violoncello.
