# 'Doll's House' Is Next Play
## 
### 
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
Combining "drama ' with ideas,"
members of the Studio Theater will
present Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's
House" Aug. 13, 14, 15, and 16 in
the Little Theater, announced Di
rector Mel Ellett.
The cast, in order of appearance,
will include Elizabeth Love as El
len; Patricia Neilson as Nora Hel
mer, who lives in a doll's house; and
Edward Munro as the porter.
SECONDARY PLOT
Allen Fletcher will tnke the part
oij Nora's domineering husband,
Torval Helmer, while the secondary
plot will be carried on by Patricia
Barrett and Douglas Russell as
Christine Linde and Nils Krogstad.
Dr. Rank, a friend of Torval's,
will be portrayed by Shields Logs
don, and Marie Carr, as the nurse
Anna, will have charge of Roland
Mays, Stephen Doyle, and Brenda
Doyle, cast as the three Helmer
children.
The play is designed and directed
by Ellett as part of the program for
the Master of Arts degree in dra
matic production. Chosen for its
pattern of playwrighting structure,
it offers Ellett an opportunity to
study the technique of Ibsen —often
called the "father of modern drama"
—at first hand.
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE
Essentially the story of a woman
repressed by both her father and
her husband, "A Doll's House" dra
matically advocates women's suf
frage. When first performed, it cre
ated such a furor that Ibsen was
forced to create a happy ending for
both the Scandinavian and English
productions.
Tickets, priced at 60 cents, may
be obtained in room 202, Memorial
Hall, or may be ordered by tele
phoning Palo Alto 22041. — Law
rence
