# Seniors Levy Assessment.
## 
### 
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
Tn order to meet the expenditure
necessary to the completion of a suc
cessful and comprehensive Commence
ment Week the Senior finance com
mittee has found it imperative to levy
an assessment of $2 upon the members
of the class. Considering the condi
tion of the treasury of the Class of
1910, this is an extremely low figure,
and the amount must he collected from
practically every member in order to
realize a sufficient sum. The $2 as
sessment compares favorably to those
usually levied upon the Seniors during
their final semester in college and
comes as a distinct surprise to many
who feared a far larger amount would
be advisable.
Checks should be mailed to M. Y.
Malone, B. W. Upson or H. Rittigstein.
Everyone who pays the assessment
will be entitled to Senior Week pro
grams and invitations upon presenta
tion of his receipt at the Bookstore.
