# VISITORS IN TOURNEY
## TENNIS TOURNAMENT ATTRACTS HIGH SCHOOL STARS. Pick of Preparatory Players Entered in First Stanford Interscholastic Matches. 
### 
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
Thirty tennis players, representing
fourteen high schools of Northern Cal
ifornia, are entered in the first an
nual Interseholastic tennis tourna
ment which is to be held on the En
cina courts on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and 23. The tournament is
being held under the management of
the board of governors of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association and will
consist of singles and doubles matches.
The winner of each event will receive
a gold medal, and silver medals are to
be awarded to the runners-up. On ac
count of the Ojai Valley Interscholas
tic tournament which is to be held at
the same time, the Southern California
high school cracks will be unable to
enter, but with such players as Strach
an of Lowell and the Hutchinson
brothers of Palo Alto among the en
tries, first class tennis is assured. The
following schools have entered the
tournament: San Rafael, Palo Alto,
Oakland, San Francisco University
School, Oakland Polytechnic, Belmont,
St. Ignatius, Trinity, San Francisco
Polytechnic, Lowell, California State
Military Academy, San Jose and Santa
Clara.
As the men who are in charge of the
track meet will be too busy with this
event to handle the tennis tournament,
they have turned it over to the follow
ing committee from the Stanford ten
nis club: W. E. Ferguson, J. A. Davis,
F. S. Pratt, M. M. Fogel, A. D. Fyfe,
W. M. Argabrite, H. L. Loud, G. L.
Shaul, and .T. A. Langfilt, chairman.
These men are requested to be at the
Encina courts at 1:30 Friday after
noon.
Play in the Interscholastic tennis
tourney will commence tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock and all the en
tries must be at the courts at that
time. Since the tournament must be
finished by Saturday noon, it is neces
sary that all players remain on the
courts while the tournament is in pro
gress so that they will be able to play
whenever their names are called. All
men who are not there when their
names are called will be compelled (o
default. The drawings for the first
round of the doubles are as follows:
Williams and Small, (San Rafael), vs.
Fottrell and Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
Lyman and Breck, (Oakland), vs. Rossi
and Williams, (San Jose); Albright
and Gallagher, (Oakland Polytechnic),
vs. Steinhart and Draper, (Santa
Clara); Hutchinson and Hutchinson,
(Palo Alto), vs. Smith and Randall,
(C. S. M. A.); Gilmore and Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. Davis and
McClure, (Belmont); Strachan and
Grienberg, (Lowell), vs. Johnson and
Griffith, (S.F. Polytechnic); Eaton and
Sloss, (Lowell), bye, Sonntag and
Brun, (Trinity), bye.
The singles drawings for the first
round are: J. Hooper, (San Rafael),
vs. W. Hutchinson, (Palo Alto), H.
Breck, (Oakland), vs. E. C. La Monta
gue, (S. F. Polytechnic); M. Gilmore,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. E. Green,
(Belmont); E. Fotrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. O. Brun, (Trinity); W. Johnson,
(S. F. Polytechnic), vs. J. Easton,
(Lowell); W. Fottrell, (St. Ignatius),
vs. R. Rossi, (San Jose); M. Evans,
(Oakland Polytechnic), vs. C. Sonntag,
(Trinity), S. Small, (San Rafael), vs.
R. M. Lyman, (Oakland), J. Strachan,
(Lowell), vs. J. Hutchinson, (Palo
Alto); R. Smith, (C. S. M. A.), vs.
H. George, (S. F. Polytechnic).
