# SOUTH AMERICAN TRACK STARS
## 
### 

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.

(iUILLERMO HCIDORHRO. left, Chilean track star, and Jose Rent
Assis of Sao Paulo. Brazil, work out at the Fordhani gymnasium ii
preparation for today's Mi 11 rose Gaines in New York.
