# Envoy to Moscow
## 
### 

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.

ANOTHER high naval ollicial was
chosen to represent the United
States in a key European capital
when Admiral William Harrison
Standley, above, was named by
President Roosevelt as ambassa
dor to Moscow. Standley is former
chief of naval operations.
