# Debate Meet Semi-Finals Begin Today
## 
### 
Semi-final rounds in the All-
University debate tournament spon
sored by Delta Sigma Rho have been
advanced to 4:30 this afternoon, it
was announced by Jim Frolik, var
sity manager.
Matchings for the tourney place
Morin-McNeil vs. F rolik-Grannis,
Binney-Richardson vs. Boas-Kess
ler, Denebeim-Eberle vs. Werner-
Low, and Hornby-Eberle vs. Bye.
Tonight at 8 o'clock in Room 200F,
the American Institute of Bankers'
debate team of San Francisco will
meet Stanford's "Shorty" Grannis
and Frolik on the question of the
post-war peace settlement. At the
same time in San Francisco, Stan
ford, represented by Larry Werner
and Leonard Low, will meet another
squad from the Institute on the same
question. The match will take place
in the Hoi brook Building, and both
contests are open to the public.
