# Professors Plan Conference in City
## 
### 
J
With "The College Teacher as a
Counselor" as a theme for the meet
ing, the American College Personnel
Association will meet Thursday night
from 7:30 to 10 o'clock at the Fair
mont Hotel in Sun Francisco. The
meeting is for teachers and coun
selors in all colleges and universi
ties. No fee or membership is re
quired.
Speakers will include Joseph F.
Kopas from the guidance department
of Fenn College at Cleveland, Dr.
Daniel Feder of the personnel bu
reau at the University of Illinois,
Dr. M. D. Helser of the personnel
department at lowa State College,
Dean Edwin Lee from U.C.L.A., and
E. R. Wilcox, head of freshmen in
the School of Engineering at the
University of Washington.
