# Premier Stales Nippon War Aims
## 
### 
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
TOKYO, Feb. 16 (Radiocast Re
corded by UP, New York).—Premier
Gen. Hideki Tojo told Parliament
today that Singapore's full would
enable Japan to dispose of Burma,
China, India, the Netherlands East
Indies, Australia and New Zealand,
in that order.
As the capital prepared to cele
brate the formal entry of Japanese
troops into Singapore City with a
victory parade of 30,000 persons,
Tojo outlined to both houses of the
Diet the government's war aims,
which he said occupation of the
British stronghold had inspired it to
press "with even greater vigor."
Though "the 'important bases of
the United States and Britain for
their encroachment on East Asia
over many years have all fallen" to
Japan, he told cheering members
"the war remains to be fousjht."
