# Legalize Imported Beer, Wine, Says Yale Savant
## 
### 
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
ATHENS, Ga., May 5.
mediate steps should be taken 1o
legalize vise and importation of light
wines and beer, said James Harvey
Rogers, sterling professor of politi
cal economy at Yale University, in
addressing the Institute of Public
Affairs today.
