# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Danneker, '33.
