# VISITING PROFESSOR TO GIVE COURSE IN "ANTI-DEMOCRACY"
## 
### 
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
An unusual course entitled "Con
temporary Anti-Democracy" will
be offered in the political science
department during .summer quarter
this year by visiting Professor
Henry Russell Spencer, professor
and head of the department of po
litical science at Ohio State Uni
versity.
This course will cover the special
problems of democratic government
since the war and will include dis
cussions of Italy, Spain, Greece, Po
land, Turkey, Jugoslavia, Latin
America, Russia, and Germany.
Professor Spencer served with the
Italian army in the ambulance ser
vice and with the Italian Red Cross
during two and a half years of the
World War. He has traveled ex
tensively and has made a special
study of various political panaceas.
