# GARDNER AND KNAPP VOTED CAPTAINS OF INDIAN TANK SQUADS
## 
### 
Election of John "Tuppy" Gard
ner for next year's captain of the
varsity swimming team, and Burke
Kiu;pp as water polo captain, were
the results of a meeting held yes
terday afternoon at the Encinn
pools. They .succeed Frank Booth
and Austin Clapp, respectively.
Gardner registers from Honolulu,
and is the present holder of the
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate 100-
yard free style record. Recently at
the? National Intercollegiate meet
held at Michigan, he placed fourth
in a similar event.
Burke Knnpp holds the position
of Goal Guard on the varsity water
polo team. He is registered from
Portland, Oregon, and was recently
named as Intercollegiate All-Coast
Goal Guard.
