# Adv. 29 Page 4
## 
### 
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
If you have two hours free in the morning Monday-Friday
why not work for the Stanford Daily wrapping and mail
ing at 75c per hour? Pay retroactive to the beginning of
the quarter. Call Guy Shoup at DA 3-8616 or DA 3-1301.
