# JOB OPPORTUNITIES
## Permanent and Summer Positions Announced; Interviews Scheduled 
### 
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
A representative of National Cash
Register Co. will be on campus to
day to interview men interested in
selling accounting equipment. An
M.B.A. or A.B. degree is advisable.

Students are requested to sign up
at the Placement Service for the
interview.
Men graduating in March and
June may sign up today for to
morrow's interviews with the J. C.
Penney Co. Students with an A.B.
or M.B.A. who are interested in
retail merchandising may apply.
Summer openings with the Tech
nical Motion Picture Co., Holly
wood, are available to B average
students in chemical or electrical
engineering, physics, or applied
chemistry.
Engineers may also apply for
summer positions at Los Alamos
Scientific Laboratory, New Mexico.
Applications are available at the
Student Employment Office.
