# Engineers Inspect Lagunita Annexes
## 
### 
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
Thirty members of the Structural
Engineers Association of Northern
California inspected construction
work on the new wings of Lagunita
Court yesterday afternoon as the
guests of James B. Wells, associate
professor of civil engineering.
The pre-fabricated type of con
struction employed both in the new
additions and the original unit of
the building is a unique develop
ment in the industry, according to
Professor Well£.
