# Steel Corporation Signs C.I.O. Pact
## 
### 
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
PITTSBURGH, May 25 (UP). —
Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp today
signed a contract giving John L.
Lewis' Steel Workers organizing
committee the right to bargain for
all the corporation's 27,000 employ
es.
It was the first exclusive collec
tive bargaining contract ever signed
by a major steel company and was
made possible by a labor board
election, in which the SWOC was
victorious by more than 2 to 1.
