# Explosion Starts Mare Island Fire
## 
### 
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
Two main buildings and ten freight
cars were destroyed by a fire which
broke out late Monday in Mare
Island Navy Yard. Navy officials
described the blaze as being the
worst in years.
Starting in the oil center of the
industrial yard, flames were spread
rapidly by a high wind, destroying
drums of turpentine, gasoline, and
other oils. The Vallejo fire depart
ment brought the blaze under con
trol, aided by crews and officers
from 16 navy vessels at the yard,
and regular yard fire crews.
