# Charles Dawes Resumes Charge of Chicago Bank
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 4. (/P)— The
financial world stood the gainer today
as Charles Gates Dawes left the Vice-
Presidency to once more become the
head of a great banking house in
Chicago which he founded years ago.
