# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
Hi-JAK'S
WAIST IS UP
PRICE IS DOWN
Those smart-looking
leather jackets about
the campus are
Phelps - Terkel "Hl-
JAKS." Our own
high-waisted design.
Expertly tailored of
finest suede. Yours
at new lows: $10 or
$12.50.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
