# America Quits Prominent Role In Arbitration Of Eastern War
## 
### 
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
TOKYO, Oct. 19. (JP)—'Vernacular
newspapers said tonight all misun
derstandings relative to American
participation in the Manchurian ne
gotiations at Geneva have been
cleared and that the Japanese gov
ernment considers the matter closed.
These unofficial indications of bet
ter feeling in the dispute developed
by Japanese military operations for
"self defense" of Japanese nationals
and property in Manchuria, were in
accord with an easier feeling at
Geneva and announcement in Wash
ington that the United States would
not take any leading role in the
worldwide efforts to preserve peace
in the Far East.
U.S. Position Understood
Earlier it was said the seeming
deadlock developed at Geneva by
renewed Japanese objections to
American participation in debate
before the League of Nations coun
cil was inclining officials here to
look more to China than to the
league for a solution of the Man
churian problem.
The publication tonight of details
of conversations in Washington be
tween the Japanese Ambassador,
Katsugi Debuchi, and the Secretary
of State, Henry L. Stimson, clarify
ing the circumstances under which
America is participating in the
Geneva consultations, created a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers
pointed out that the Japanese pub
lic now will be able to appreciate
America's position, which is readily
understood.
Chiang's Fall Rumored
With the talk of peace move
ments, reports were cixxulated of the
approaching downfall of Chiang-
Kai-shek, President of China, who
had been quoted as advocating war
with Japan if negotiations failed to
procure evacuation of Japanese
troops from Southern Manchuria.
Chiang, generalissimo of National
ist forces which set up a govern
ment at Nanking in 1917 after over
throw of war lords who opposed the
march from Canton, was said to
have yielded to demands of Can
tonese insurgents that he retire.
The Cantonese argued his retire
ment would enable China to present
a unified front in a great emergency.
Reports of plots to start a new
civil war in Manchuria were cir
culated tonight simultaneously with
Japanese offcial statements that the
empire's troops must remain in
Manchuria.
