# NEW CURTAIN TO MAKE DEBUT IN BERKELEY SQUARE
## 
### 
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
Even without the new Ham
mer and Coffin dream theatre
Stanford productions will no
longer have to struggle with a
curtain which refuses to work
at crucial moments.
A new deep wine-red gor
geous vclour curtain and cal
encc will make its first bow on
October .'JO, Vvhen the Dra
matic Council show, "Berkeley
Square," will be given. Harold
Helvenston, director of dra
matics, last night announced
this addition to the local stage.
Long a grievance to the di
rector and student casts and
proportionately a joy to the
galleries of "roughs" who found
great delight in the disconccrt
ing cffcct a stuck curtain in
variably had on actors, the old
curtain will give way to one
so modern in its construction
that smoothness will be the
rule and not the exception.
Money for this splendid gift
was secured through Helven
ston's efforts which culminated
in the action of the University
in defraying half the cost. The
Dramatic Council and the
A.S.S.U. have each offered to
pay one quarter of the total
expenditure.
