# FAIRCLOUGH TALKS
## 
### 
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
Dr. Henry R. Fairclough, professor
emeritus of classical literature,
spoke before the Professional Club
of the Stanford Library at its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon in
the Charlotte Ashley Felton Me
morial Room. Dr. Fairclough de
scribed the libraries of Europe
which he had visited while studying
the major manuscripts of Virgil.
The oldest hospital in the world
is in London.
