# JUNIOR CLASS HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
The Junior Class will hold its first
meeting of the quarter in Room 214 to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The policy of the
class in regard to the Quad will be con
sidered, and final action in this direc
tion is to be taken. President Howard
Brown urges everyone to be present,
especially the women, as the matter to
come up will directly concern them.
Several other questions of importance to
the 1923 class will be decided at this
time.
