# Campus Telephone Exchange Complete
## 
### 
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
The wiring of the new telephone ex
change for the campus has been com
pleted and in the future all campus
calls, both local and long didstance
will be handled through this office.
All the campus phone numbers have
been changed so as to facilitate the
handling of calls and a much better
service than before has been promised.
When calling from any point off the
campus the official number of this ex
change is Palo Alto 900. H. R. Mac-
Means, '13 has been appointed local
agent and ,T. C. Huston, '10 has ac
cepted the position of night operator.
