# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
I?. F. Saunders, '07, and Miss M. B.
Rosseter, '04, were married in Oak
land last week. They will live in
Mexico, where Saunders is interested
in mining.
