# Woman's League Entertained By Skit.
## 
### 
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
The Woman's League held its first
regular meeting of the semester yes
terday afternoon at Roble Hall. There
was a larger attendance than usual,
due to the fact that the women of the
University are awakening to the im
portance of these meetings. No im
portant business was brought before
the League, the meeting being almost
entirely social. The freshmen of Delta
Delta Delta presented, "Pyramus and
Thisbe," with great success. The
next meeting will be held on the third
Monday in February.
