# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
PHOTOSTATIC
COPIES
We specialize in copying
documents and other valu
able papers.
Copies of discharge papers
free to service men.
Keeble's
323 University Ave.
