# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
Watch for the Soph Carnival, climax
of the annual Con Home drive,
scheduled for the night of May 18.
