# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.

ERNIE NEVERS, all - time
Stanford grid great, who served
in the Marine Corps dining tlie
war, is on the coaching staff of
the Chicago Cardinal football
team in the All-American pig
skin loop.
