# Untitled Article
## 
### 

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.

NATION'S No. 1 FAN—ENVY of every small bo y— and one reason every youngster would like to be
President—is President Truman, center, as he receives annual passes for big-league baseball games. At
left, Clark Griffith, owner of Senators, presents American League pass. At right, Ford Frick, president,
presents National League ducat. The passes are in gold.
