# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A movement is on foot to form a
Stanford outing club. The object
of such an organization will lie to
band together those who take de
light in exploring the beautiful
country that lies in the vicinity.
Too few of us realize the splendid
opportunities which California in
general and this region in particu
lar present for cultivating a love
for the various aspects of nature.
An outing club could find much in
teresting and profitable work. it
could lay out and mark trails, pre
pare maps, gather information
about various points of interest,
study the geological history, the
fauna and flora of the country, and
in various ways enhance the pleas
ure and profit of living in a coun
try where out-of-door habits are
naturally a conspicuous feature of
one's daily life. We bespeak for
the outing club an auspicious be
ginning and a successful history.
