# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some time ago we printed a com
munication from the four young
ladies' fraternities represented at
Stanford in which they agreed not
to pledge new members before the
loth of October. We are now
authorized by the young ladies of
Kappa Kappa Gamma to announce
that the} r will not pledge new mem
bers before the close of this sem
ester.
Some time ago we printed a com
munication from the four young
ladies' fraternities represented at
Stanford in which they agreed not
to pledge new members before the
loth of October. We are now
authorized by the young ladies of
Kappa Kappa Gamma to announce
that the} r will not pledge new mem
bers before the close of this sem
ester.
Some time ago we printed a com
munication from the four young
ladies' fraternities represented at
Stanford in which they agreed not
to pledge new members before the
loth of October. We are now
authorized by the young ladies of
Kappa Kappa Gamma to announce
that the} r will not pledge new mem
bers before the close of this sem
ester.
Some time ago we printed a com
munication from the four young
ladies' fraternities represented at
Stanford in which they agreed not
to pledge new members before the
loth of October. We are now
authorized by the young ladies of
Kappa Kappa Gamma to announce
that the} r will not pledge new mem
bers before the close of this sem
ester.
Some time ago we printed a com
munication from the four young
ladies' fraternities represented at
Stanford in which they agreed not
to pledge new members before the
loth of October. We are now
authorized by the young ladies of
Kappa Kappa Gamma to announce
that the} r will not pledge new mem
bers before the close of this sem
ester.
