# Writes About Stanford.
## 
### 
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
Dr. E. E. Slosson, who visited the
campus last fall, has written an im
portant article on Stanford University,
which will he published in an early
number of The independent. This ar
ticle is one of a series which Dr. Slos
son is writing for The Independent on
"The Universities of America." Arti
cles on Yale and Harvard have ap
peared. The frank opinion of an out
sider. and the comparison of Stanford
to the other great universities of
America, is well worthy of inspection.
