# GRADUATE TEA
## 
### 
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
The first tea for graduate women
this quarter will be held on the
first floor of the Women's Clubhouse
this afternoon at four o'clock. All
new graduate women are especially
invited.
