# MRS. ROTH ELECTED WOMAN CLUB HEAD
## 
### 
Mrs. Almon E. Roth was elected
president of the Stanford Mothers'
Club at ihe last meeting, to be as
sisted by Mrs. R. L. Cody as first
vice-president and Mrs. Allan Hol
man as second vice-president. Other
officers for the coming term will be
Mrs. A. B. Moreno, treasurer; Mrs.
E. K. Strong, recording secretary;
Mrs. Harry B. Torrey, corresponding
secretary; and Mrs. G. O. Wilson,
historian.
At the business meeting following
elections the following donations to
student benefits were made: $350 in
scholarships for spring quarter, $10
to the Men's Glee Club. $10 to the
Women's Glcs Club, and $25 for the
band.
Mrs. George W. Dowrie was
elected representative for the Par
ent-Teacher Conference in Sacra
mento May 1.
Plans for the annual garden party
for the Rest Home benefit, to take
place May 23, at the home of Mrs.
Paul Shoup, and Mrs. A. B. De√üoy
and Mrs. H. L. Terwilliger were put
in charge of tickets.
The next meeting will be held in
Toyon Hall, with student leaders for
speakers.
At the close of the meeting Eliot
Grinnell Menrs, director of summer
quarter, spoke, giving a resume of
the curriculum for summer, stating
that the emphasis would be on
courses in music and art apprecia
tion.
