# ARMY AIRMAIL PLANE FLIES OVER COPPER PIT
## 
### 

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)

One of the inspiring sights seen by army aviators carrying the airmail between San Francisco and
New York is the mammoth open pit mine of the Utah Copper company at Bingham, Utah. The army
cameraman photographed this mail carrier as it passed over the mine. (Army Air Corps Photo from As
sociated Press)
