# World's best Horseshoe Pitcher to Throw Tonight
## 
### 
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
"World's Champion Trick and
Fancy Horseshoe Pitcher," Guy
Zimmerman and wife, of Sac City,
lowa, will demonstrate their skill at
an exhibition sponsored by the Palo
Alto Horseshoe Club behind the
Federal Telegraph Building on the
highway just south of University
Avenue, tonight at 8 o'clock, ad
mission free, and Stanford students
especially welcome.
