# PARACHUTE LANDS AIRPLANE
## 
### 

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.

AN INNOVATION in the landing of airplanes was sucessfully attempted recently at the twelfth annual AII-
American Air Maneuvers at Miami, Florida. The world's largest parachute, 52 feet in diameter, made o
yards of white silk, landed Pilot Jimmy Goodwin and liis Cub monoplane from 500 feet.
