# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
EVERY 1
GRADUATE |
HAS BEEN §
PLACED... 1
... in a satisfactory paying
position. Tliat s the unchal
lenged record ol the Grace
Hall Secretarial School.
There's a reason ! The W csl's
I finest personalized teaching
produces secretaries who
quiekh find and continue to
hold excellent positions. \sk
ns for proof.
In Ihe past year, il has not
been possible for lis to grad
uate enough students lo (ill
Ihe positions offered lis by
business leaders who know
the \abie of Grace Ball train
i ' n £*
i Increase your earning power
' with our entirely unique, in
dividual instruction. A \er\
few month- of sludv are nec
essary. Gnsl is
low. Gall or write today.
GRRCE^SCHOOI
ISECRETfIRIfIL TRRINIKGI
■
58 SUTYEQ ST. * SAN PRAKCISCO [|j
