# FRENCH DOWN 66 PLANES
## 
### 
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
PAKIS, May 27 (UP. —An official
statement today said French and
British fliers shot down 66 German
planes in five hours of fighting over
Boulogne yesterday.
