# Olson Releases Basis Tor Emergency Funds
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 (UP).—
Governor Culbert Olson said today
emergency funds for rehabilitation
work in the Imperial Valley earth
quake area will be made available
on the same basis as prescribed by
the Legislature for flood repairs—
equal matching of state funds by
local agencies.

To reach the outer edge of our
present telescope range within 16
years, we would have to travel at
the rate of six trillion miles per
second.
