# Encinamen Down Roble Debaters
## 
### 
Encina men won over Roble de
baters in the annual intra-frosh de
bate last Thursday night.
Defending the negative side of the
tvpie, "Resolved, that Stanford
women should pay half on dates,"
freshmen John Lawry, Ben Parkin
son, and Jim Frolik were declared
the victors over a Roble team con
sisting of Frances Langdon, Chris
tine Moody, and Patty Bouchard.
Dean John Bunn, Miss Rosamond
Clark, director of the Union Unit;
and Harold Maile Bacon, assistant
professor of mathematics, were the
judges.
Encina is now in possession of the
trophy, taking it away from Roble,
last year's winners. The debate is
sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity. Don Dil
lon and Steve Kline were in charge
of arrangements.
