# Medical Professor To Trace Surgery
## 
### 
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
Dr. Nelson J. Howard, assistant
clinical professor of surgery in the
Stanford University School of Medi
cine, will be this week's speaker on
the Stanford Radio Hour over sta
tion KGO at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday
night.
