# Austrian Prof Talks Tonight
## 
### 
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn,
teacher, philosopher, and author,
will present "A European Chris
tian Looks at American Religion"
at the Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series in Dinkelspiel Auditorium
at 7:30 p.m.
Von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, who has
traveled extensively in the United
States and throughout the world,
has written several novels, socio
political works, and religious es
says.
Educated at the universities of
Vienna and Budapest, von Kueh
nelt-Leddihn speaks five lan
guages, including Japanese and
Russian. He has been a professor
at Georgetown, St. Peter's Col
lege in Jersey City, Fordham. and
Chestnut Hill College in Philadel
phia.
Von Kuehnelt-Leddihn began
free-lance writing at the age of
16 and was earning a living at it
by the time he was 20. He is best
known for "Liberty or Equality,"
"America's Founding Fathers,"
and "Murder in Blue Light."
