# Medical School Tours Scheduled
## 
### 
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
Tours of the Stanford Medical
Center will be conducted Thurs
day and Dec. 6. These tours will
cover the Physical Therapy,
Speech Pathology and Audiology,
and School of Nursing sections
and one floor of the Stanford Hos
pital Pavilion.
The tours will start in the re
ception area on the first floor
of the Edwards Rehabilitation
Building at the northwest corner
of the Medical Center. They will
be held from 3 to 9 p.m. Thurs
day and 2 to 5 p.m. Dec. 6.
