# 'Not Now' Nehru Tells Red China
## 
### 
NEW DELHI. India (/P)—Prime
Minister Nehru turned down yes
terday the proposal by Premier
Chou En-lai of Red China for an
early Himalayan summit meeting
to settle their border dispute.
Nehru also rejected as imprac
tical Chou's suggestion that both
sides withdraw their border forces
at once for a distance of 12%
miles from their present posi
tions.
As anti-Chinese demonstrations
broke out outside, Nehru told
Parliament he has sent other pro
posals to Peiping "which seem to
us practical." He declined to go
into detail until Chou gets the
note from New Delhi.
About 850 Kan Sangh rightist
party demonstrators in front of
Parliament waved signs saying
"Nehru, shake off softness" and
"Drive out the Chinese invaders."
Nehru told Parliament he has
always been willing to talk with
Chou but "if talks are to bear
fruit as we want them to do"
there must be adequate advance
preparation.
In a note Nov. 7, Chou sug
gested both sides withdraw 12%
miles from their positions in two
disputed areas — the northeast
border with Tibet and the Ladakh
plateau 1,000 miles to the west.
China claims 32,000 square miles
south of the northeast line.
But in Ladakh, the Chinese
control about 8,000 square miles
of territory India considers its
own and such a short withdrawal
would leave Red Chinese in con
trol of much of this territory.
