# CDELL NOW A HUSKY
## 
### 
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
Howie Octell, recently resigned ;it
Yale, has signed as head football
coach at the University of Washing
ion.
