# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
Storey House announces I he en
ga;<ement of Kathy Roberts, '60
lo Tom lierkey, Theta Xi, Uni
ver-sity of Michigan, '60.
