# Foreign Students Must Register
## 
### 
Ail alien non-immigrants in the
United States are required, under
the Provisions of the Nationality
Act of 1940 and the McCarran Act
of 1952, to comply with regula
tions concerning registration and
fingerprinting.
A representative from the
Immigration and Naturalization
Service will be at the Stanford
post office from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
to register and fingerprint for
eign students and exchange aliens
who have not previously done
t his.
Students should present their
Visitor's permit (Form 1-94) for
endorsement at the time of regis
tration.
Registration and fingerprinting
may also be completed at the of
fice of the Immigration and Na
turalization Service at 630 San
some St., San Francisco.
