# P. I. OFFICIAL ARRIVES
## 
### 
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
MANILA, P.1.. Monday, April 26
(UP). —Paul V. McNutt, new high
commissioner of the Philippine Is
lands, and his party arrived in Ma
nila today.
