# HEAD OREGON SCHOOLS
## 
### 

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.

Dr. Clarence V. Buyer, left, and George W. Peavy, right, have been
named presidents of University of Oregon and Oregon State College, re
spectively, by Oregon's State Board of Higher Education. Dr. Boyer was
dean of arts and letters at the Eugene school and Dr. Peavy for many
years was dean of forestry at the Corvallis institution.
