# Einstein as Linotype Operator
## 
### 

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.

Professor Albert Einstein, the noted scientist, setting the
first type i'or a new enlarged edition of a Jewish daily news
paper published in New York. Beside the professor at the
linotype machine is Jacob Landau, publisher of the paper.
