# Bears Will Meet Bruins In Two Cage Tilts at Cal
## 
### 
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
While Stanford and S.C. arc bat
tling it out on the basketball court
in Los Angeles, California will be
trying to take two games in a row
tonight and tomorrow night in
Berkeley st the expense of U.C.
L.A.'s Bruins.
With the Bruins having taken
some rathe: - rough treatment at the
hands of Stanford ancl S.C., succeed
ing only in winning a single hard
fought game from the Indians, Cali
fornia is expected to have little
trouble with them this week-end.
Chief interest in the scries will
probably be the last meeting be
tween U.C.L.A.'s Captain Don Piper
and the Boars' Captain Hal Eifert,
high scorers in the conference last
year and three-year rivals on the
court.
