# GREEN DINKS
## 
### 
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
Despite xtamors to the contrary,
frosh at Oregon State must continue
to wear green lids. The custom, a
long established tradition on the
Corvallis campus, will ba enforced
by the Beaver Knights who also en
force other campus traditions.
