# A 						RECORD
## 
### 
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
Records for the weight of twin
babies are believed to be held by
St. Louis. One pair of twin£ from
there weighed 18 pounds 11 ounces.
