# More Gold Rows
## 
### 
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
The Senate is not coming through
very fast on the gold bill so ma
jority leader Robinson is making
them meet at 11 instead of noon
today and swears he will keep them
at school Saturday until the thing
is passed. The most trouble, of
course, comes from Republic-ins who
scream, "We shall see latter the
cruel effect of stimulated and sus
tained speculation of wiser citizens
whose plunder comes from the ig
norant and the poor." More logically
they contend gold bill is unconsti
tutional.
