# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
Fraternity men may accom
pany new lower division men
to "Arms and the Man" this
evening providing the frater
nity men do not purchase
tickets for the rushecs.
