# Stanford Rough Upsets Cal Coed With S.C. Spirit
## 
### 
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
Daily Californian, publication
of well-known U.C., contrib
utes the following unique slant
on Stanford's far-famed col
lege-consciousness:
A loyal Californian was lean
ing out of her window the other
day when a young man strolled
by on his way to the campus.
To her horror, he was loudly
and fervently whistling, "Fight
on for Old S.C.''
"Hey, there!" the California
miss yelled. "You shouldn't be
so openly disloyal to your uni
versity. What's the idea?"
"Say," he answered, "I can
whistle anything 1 want. I'm
not a Cal man—l go to Stan
ford."
