# SIDELINE SLANTS..
## THE 						BLUE AND GOLD VS. THE GOLD AND BLUE 
### 
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
Saturday will see a/iove-1 football
f'i me in the Los Angeles Colissum
when U.C.L.A. and the University
ol California meet in thoir first
clash. Here are two schools with
the same administration and the
same board ol regents, the same
school colors and nearly the same
names.
But the great dividing line is
their separate student and athletic
organizations, which make it pos
sible for them to meet in a major
Coast Conference game.
Two years ago a twisting, slippery
boy named Joe Sarver was playing
With the California frosh. He helped
beat Stanford's '35 team, and he
helped beat the Trobabes. He was
the team-mate of .such present Cal
ifornia groats as Dave Meek, Ar
leigh Williams, and Ken Moeller.
Brick Morse thought Joe would be
quite a help to his Alma Mater when
he- had achieved ihe maturity of a
sophomore.
Tomorrow, Sarver will probably
start the game against his old team
of undefeated freshmen. He trans
ferred to U.C.L.A. without loas of
eligibility and has become the
.sparkplug of a better than average
Eruin backfield.
