# Sophomores Make Plans For Cotillion Committee
## 
### 
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
Plans are taking form for the
Sophomore Cotillion to be held De
cember 8, Bill Drew, president of
the Class of '36, said yesterday.
Dick Stark will head the com
mittee, which includes the follow
ing: Wally Brooke, Walter Baird,
Hal Evarts, Sterling Cottrell, Ham
ilton Lawrence, Larry Rouble,
Morse Erskine, Sydney Rosenberg.
Jean Anderson, Jean Albertson, and
Barbara Steinbeck. A non-sorority
member is yet to be chosen. Bill
Drew will act as member-at-large.
