# PUZZLED OVER NRA
## 
### 

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)

Genial Editor of Outlook, A1 Smith, admits in the latest issue of his
colorful magazine that the NRA, as far as he is concerned, is just a run
around so far. He looks forward to seeing the whole matter completely
out in the courts, but feels that to create new judgeships of men sympa
thetic with NRA would be unfair. (Associated Press Photo)
