# INTERCLASS BASKETBALL STARTS NEXT MONDAY.
## 
### 
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
The first game of the luterclass
basketball series will be played next
Monday, April 17, Seniors vs. Juniors.
The schedule for the rest of the games
will be as follows:
Wednesday, 19, Sophomores vs.
Freshmen; Friday 21, Seniors vs.
Sophomores; Saturday 22, Juniors vs.
Freshmen; Monday 24. Seniors vs.
Freshmen; Wednesday 2f>, Juniors vs.
Sophomores.
The numerals of the winning class
will be engraved upon the new trophy
cup. The 1911 team will be captained
by Miss B. Haig, the 1912 by Miss R.
Overman, the 1913 by Miss R. Seeley
and the 1914 by Miss M. Boyd. Miss M.
Cleveland will act as referee for the
sanies.
