# Juniors To Meet 1926 Ball Team
## 
### 
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
OROVIDING that Jupiter Pluvius
1 takes a day off, diamond stars
of the senior and junior classes
will cross bats at 4 o'clock today
on the diamond in back of the
new tennis courts in the first
game of the interclass series.
Under the coaching of Will B.
Ellington, who is at present keep
ing the Breakers Club in the fore
ground on the Intramural basket
ball play-offs, the 1928 men will
put a formidable nine on the field.
Frank A. Compton is acting as
mentor of the 1927 aggregation.
With their lead in the race for
the Interclass championship
strengthened by a victory in the
tank last week, the seniors again
look like the logical victors.
