# Stanford Professors to Address Engineer Meeting
## 
### 
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
Professor Arthur 13. Domonoske,
head of the Department of Mechanical
[Engineering, and Professor Welton J.
Crook, Associate Professor of the
(Metallurgy Department, will present
papers before the student branch of
American Society of Mechanical Engi
neers at the University of California
j Mechanical Engineering Building at 8
o'clock in the evening on February 23.
