# Performance Nets Large Amount To Belgian Fund
## 
### 
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
Seven hundred and twenty dollars
was the amount turned over to the
Belgian Relief Committee for the ben
efit of the Belgian Relief Fund this
week. Five hundred and twenty dol
lars was realized on "La Fete des
Poupecs," the performance given for
the benefit of the fund, and two hun
dred dollars was the gift of Alice
Diaz of Palo Alto, who coached the
'Toy Shop."
"We are very much gratified," said
Mrs. E. I). Adams today, in behalf of
the committee, "not only with the
financial side, but also because of
the splendid manner in which the play
was produced, due to Miss Diaz's ca
pable coaching."
