# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

Polka-dot power
Card spikers sport new
shorts as they win first
league game.
Page 9

One last bite
Bug Me looks into ques
tions of art.
Page 6

Creative dance
Bella Lewitsky's company
makes use of space in
Mem Aud.
Page 7

