# Aqua-Cuties at Work
## 
### 

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn

STANFORD WATER-BABES — The Stanford Swim Club will present its annual Aquacade
Wednesday and Thursday, with the theme The Four Years. Tickets may be picked up free at
the ASSU office or from swim club members. —Daily photo by Vern Dunn
