# CAL MEETS CZAR ATHERTON
## 
### 

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.

PRESIDENT ROBERT SPRQUL. left, of the University of California,
introduces Edward G. Atherton, new "czar" of Pacific Coast athletics.
Both are tilling Cal students that the Coast will set the pace for the
country in eliminating undesirable college athletic practices.
