# Hayes Reports To Track Squad
## 
### 
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
Marston (Mushy ) Girard continues
to highlight the winter workouts at
Angell Field with hi.s distance run
ning. Girard covered 1000 yards in
2:14.7 Monday afternoon and last
night he was limed in 3:07 lor the
three-lap race or 1320.
Sid Hayes, who may bo one of Ihe
outstanding hurdlers on the Coast
this year, is finally out for track after
spending several months on Harry
Wolter's ball team as a pitcher. He
appeared to be in fair shape Tues
day when he finished 10-yards be
hind Dick Simpson, another limber
topper, in the 332-yard practice
distance. Simpson was clocked in
30.9.
Charlie Shaw edged out Blair
Hyde in a last (iGO Tuesday after
noon in the time of 1:22. Ernie
Clark turned in a 38-fiat 352 that
same day.
