# 'FINNS', RUSSIANS SIGN PACT
## 
### 

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.

REPRESENTATIVES of the Communist-Finnish government of Terijoki, Finland recently signed a friend
ship pari with Che Soviet government. Standing are, from left, Russian Secretary Zhdanov, Defense Com
missar Voroshilov, Stalin, and Otto Kuusincn. Finnish chief. Premier Molotov is signing the document.
