# CAMPUS OPINION
## BUICKS BE DAMNED 
### 
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
r rHE EDITOR, SIR:
I wLsh there were more Model A Fords on the
campus so that we could get to and from Paly once
in a while.
Sincerely,
Milan Chibu
