# Alaska Union Protests Employment Methods
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
SEATTLE, Jan. 31 (UP). —Repre-
sentatives of Alaska fishing unions
today led a movement against job
preference /or native Alaskans in the
Bristol Bay area,
