# MEN'S FACULTY CLUB TO HAVE OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
The annual Faculty Club open house
for all men on the Stanford summer
faculty is announced for Thursday
evening, June 30, in the faculty club
house.
The affair, which takes the form of
an informal reception for all summer
quarter faculty men, is in charge of
Dr. John B. Canning, president of the
organization.
The club invites visiting faculty men
to make use of the facilities of the
house as an informal social meeting
place during the summer.
