# P.J. TREAT GIVES SHAW LECTURES
## 
### 
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department lias been named
as the Albert Shaw lecturer on Diplo
matic History at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity for the present academic year,
and has been given leave of absence
during January when the lectures are
to be given.
The subject of Professor Treat's
lectures, ton in number, is "The Com

mencement of American Diplomatic
Relations with Japan, 1853-65." Pro
fessor Treat has made a special study
of Oriental history and is an author
ity on the development of diplomatic
relations of the Far Eastern coun
tries. The lectures are provided for
by a foundation established by Albert
Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views.
