# Elliott Chosen Big Game Referee
## Former U.C. Captain Designated to Handle Whistle on November 11 
### 
Amos Elliott, former star backfield
player and captain of the 1911 Uni
versity of California varsity, was cho
sen to referee the Hig Game between
Stanford and Santa Clara, at a meet
ing of the graduate managers,
coaches and captains of the two uni
versities held at Santa Clara last
night.
Elliott is now the athletic coach of
the Stockton high school, and showed
by his work with the whistle in the
Santa Clara-Olympic club game yes
terday that he is by far the best
available referee for the final strug
gle.
He understands rugby rules thor
oughly, and stands firmly against any
form of play not on the square. How
ever, he plays the advantage, using
the whistle sparingly and speeding up
the contest.
