# Michigan U. Seeks Xmas Rugby Game With Local Teams
## 
### 
Graduate Manager E. C. Behrens re
ceived today a letter from Floyd A.
Rowe, director of intermural activ
ities of the University of Michigan,
inquiring as to the chances of arrang
ing a series of rugby games during
the Christmas holidays with Stanford
University and other rugby teams of
the coast with the University of Mich
igan rugby fifteen.
Rowe states that they have many
expert rugby players on their' squad.
Nine of the squad are men who have
had rugby experience while residing
in South Africa (they are not native
Africans, however) and were mem
bers of the championship team of that
country a few years ago. Danny Car
roll, who has played against teams of
that country, states that teams from
South Africa are exceedingly strong.
Graduate Manager Behrens has
written offering to do anything that
he can in helping them arrange their
schedule and will lay the matter be
fore the California Rugby Union meet
ing tonight in San Francisco. A team
of twenty-five men would be brought
to the coast.
