# Three Get Dollar Fines for Parking Violations
## 
### 
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
Traffic violators began trekking into
student council chambers yesterday
when the first three offenders of the
quarter were fined $1 each for illegal
parking.
In accordance with an established
custom, names of the guilty are not
made public.
