# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
A professor at the University oi
Washington has been placed on proba
tion because of the use of "What I
Believe," by Bertrand Russell, in his
classroom.
