# CARD BASEBALL TEAM IN FORM FOR U.C. GAME
## Stanford Men in Excellent State of Mind After Downing Trojans REDSHIRTS HAVE PUNCH Series of Three Contests With Bears to Open On Saturday 
### 
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
With the first game of the annual
baseball series against the University
of California scheduled for Saturday
afternoon. Coach Harry Wolter's var
sity baseball nine has resumed a
strenuous practice program, and is
rounding into excellent, form. Follow
ing Saturday's contest on the Stanford
diamond, the Cardinals will meet the
Bears at Berkeley on April 12, and
again at Stanford on April 16.
Stanford Optimistic
The winning of the series with the
University of Southern California has
put the Stanford squad in an excel
lent state of mind, and if Coach Wol
ter's men can deliver in the California
game with the same punch as that
displayed the Trojans last Monday,
the Bears will have their hands full.
Despite the fact that three pitchers
■were used in the U.S.C. game, the
Stanford staff boasts enough strength
and consistency to effectively turn
back such sluggers as Roily Douthit
and Maurice of the Golden Bear pas
timers. Captain Steve Collins will
probably start against California,
since he was relieved in the Trojan
game by John Sobieski before he be
came tired .Sobieski is Wolter's sec
ond choice, the big dinger having dis
played excellent style in the last few
games.
U.C. Pitchers Excellent
Nemecheck, Jacobsen, and Hill, who
compose the U.C. pitching staff, have
ulso turned in good games this sea
son, and Coach Carl Zamloch's choice
will rest 011 the performance of his
men in the final game with the Uni
versity of Southern California. The
remainder of the Bear nine has
steadied down after a rather poor
start, and with the benefit derived
from a busy season behind them, to
take the Cardinals into camp.
