# Phi Lambda Upsilon Opens Lecture Series Tomorrow
## 
### 
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
Opening a series of public chemistry
seminars under the auspices of Phi
Lambda Upsilon. Charles V. Hart will
speak on the subject, "Mixed acid
dehydrides and anammonides with
so-called cyanogen azide." in Room 18
special reference to the structure of
of the Chemistry building next Wed
nesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. Hart,
who is a teaching fellow at Stanford,
is preparing a thesis on this subject.
