# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
After the Bruin yearlings had de
feated the Pomona t'rosb, Bradley,
U.C.L.A. tennis star, stumbled as he
attempted to leap the net and broke
his arm.
