# Juniors Requested to Pay Class Dues Before Friday
## 
### 
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
Juniors arc asked to pay their class
dues during the campaign which started
Monday and ends Friday, by Harry W.
Call, treasurer. Call states that the
money is needed to defray the prelimi
nary expenses of the Junior Prom. Plans
for the Prom are well under way and
money is needed to carry on the work,
he says.
