# Women's Glee Club Plans First Meeting of Quarter
## 
### 
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
Stanford Women's Glee Club will
meet at 7 o'clock tonight upstairs in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
choral practice of the quarter under
Natalie Macrum, director. A fine of
25c will be charged for absence from
this meeting and 10c for tardiness
Plans will be made for a program to
be given by the Club at the Women's
Conference Party on April 13.
