# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
&
LOOK TO THE
SKIES FOR AN
EXCITING CAREER!
Make application with United's
Stewardess Representative, Irene
Benz, at the Placement Office,
Thursday, May 10, from 9:00
a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
United Air Lines needs addi
tional stewardesses as a re
suit of a multi-million dollar
expansion program. It could
mean your opportunity to
join the other United "girls
in blue" in a bright new ca
reer! It offers travel, seeing
new an d different places,
meeting and serving interest
ing people.
You'll receive five weeks
of free training and, on as
signment to the line, starting
pay that's now higher than
ever. If you are personable,
between 21-26 years of age,
single, .V2" to s'B", 135 lbs.
or less and have good vision,
be sure to visit United's rep
resentative.
For further information and ap
pointment, please contact the
Placement Service.
