# Drives Committee Tryouts to Start
## 
### 
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
Drives Committee tryouts begin
today and will continue through
Wednesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. on
the third floor of Women's Club
house.
The Drives Committee selects
the charities that will benefit
trom the fall and winter quarters'
drives. Committee members are
responsible for the administration
and solicitation of the drives.
All classes are eligible to try
out. Interviews for the drives
chairmen will be held at the same
time.
