# Cal Pups Score 8-3 Frosh Win
## 
### 
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
California's Frosh baseball
team evened their series with the
Stanford Papooses at one up here
Saturday in scoring an 8-3 win.
The Cubs boomed to the lead in
the opening stanza by virtue of
Hal Gregg's home run with a man
aboard. The Cal shortstop blasted
the round-tripper off Stanford's
losing pitcher, Joel Mogy.
Papoose third-sacker, Phil Wei
gand, tallied twice for Stanford—
in the third after reaching the
bases on an error and again in the
ninth after singling. Shortstop
Wayne Marion got three for four
at the plate.
Cal Cubs 200 230 001—8 9 2
Papooses ...001 010 001 —3 10 2
Nickison and Brenzel; Mogy,
Carter and Von Wronski.
