# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The iiiter-class football gumes
were abolished last year on account
of the possibility of injuring good
men in the hard struggles that are
sure to characterize a meeting of
classes. This objection does not,
however, hold in respect to baseball
and track work. The inter-class
contests in these sports serve to
bring out all of the good qualities
of the men in a fierce struggle, and
without any great possibility of in
jury. It would be a good idea for
the managements of both the track
and diamond to arrange a series of
inter-class contests. These meets,
as a rule, bring out a large number
of new men, and some of our best
athletes have been "finds" in class
The series could be run off
early so as not to interfere with the
later schedules and training.
