# A
						Graduate's Appointment.
## 
### 
K. G. Matheson, '9(5, lias been
appointed to the chair of English
in the Technological School of At
lanta, Georgia. Prior to his ap
pointment he was assistant in that
department, and upon the resig
nation of Professor Lane, the head
of the department, Mr. Matheson
was promoted to li 11 the vacancy.
Professor Matheson last year re
ceived his master's degree at Stan
ford, and is one of the ablest men
ever graduated from the English
department. While at Stanford he
was a prominent member of Eu
phronia, and is a speaker of rare
ability and polish. The entire
English branch of the curriculum
of the school will be in the hands
of Mr. Matheson, and he will begin
his duties at once.
