# FACULTY FOIBLES TO BE SHOWN IN "KAMPUS NOOZE"
## 
### 
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
Startling new angles on the faculty
will be seen in "Kampus Nooze," one
of the short features preceding the
premiere showing of "The Fast Male,"
the first motion picture production of
Stanford Studios which will be shown
Wednesday night at S o'clock in the
Assembly Hall.
In "Kampus Nooze" the local movie
unit has secured a number of inti
mate glimpses of the University fac
ulty at odd moments. It is reported
that this film of the professors is
unique in college history, and stu
dents will be afforded a rare bit of
amusement in this strange expose of
professors' peculiarities.
"The Fast Male," the four-reel pho
toplay of the simple freshman played
by Powell Carpenter, who rises to be
a great college hero, and wins the
beautiful maiden from the heavy,
played by Biff Hoffman, forms the
main part of the bliow. The picture
was completely produced and directed
by a student organization, Stanford
Studios, which is operated by Ernest
Page, William Palmer, and Burt
Davis.
The Interfraternity smoker which
was to be held Wednesday night in
Encina has been postponed until
Thursday as it conflicted with the
presentation of "The Fast Male."
