# Adv. 14 Page 5
## 
### 
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jew Hers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cnrhjle
J JEWELER 3
53S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
