# Dr. Houck Denies Epidemic Rumors
## 
### 
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
Rumors that. Stanford is under
going an influenza epidemic have
been discounted by Dr. George
Houck, director of the Stanford
Health Service.
Dr. Houck stated that the above
average number of students in the
rest homes and Palo Alto Hospital
was due to a variety of respiratory
diseases and other illnesses tommon
to winter.
Houck added that there arc a few
influenza cases at Stanford, but
they are mild and have not exceed
ed the normal number of cases for
the area. Mass immunization will
take place only if the number of
cases reaches epidemic proportions.
