# $58,500 FOR STANFORD STAFF
## 
### 
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
The Ford Foundation Fund for
Advancement of Education gave
$58,500 in fellowships to Stanford
staff members last year, the Founda
tion report announced recently.
Stanford teachers received more
grants than any other school in Cali
fornia.
