# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.

PRACTICE SESSION—Herbert B. Nanney, University organist, prepares for his special organ
recital, which he will give today at 4:15 in Memorial Church. The recital is in commemoration
of the 50th anniversary of Memorial Church, and is dedicated to former organists who have
served Stanford. He will play works by Bach, Brahms, Franck, Buxtehude, Karg-Elert, and Mulet.
