# OFF-CAMPUS CLUBS
## 
### 
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Henry A. Bamman, senior
counselor of the Counseling and
Testing Service, will be guent
speaker at 4he installation of new
officers of the Off-Campus Women .
Club at noon today.
The Off-Campus Men's Club will
join the women for the luncheon
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
