# MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
Elwyn Bugge, intramural direc
tor. announced today that any or
ganization may enter a number one
or number two team in the bowling
league until 5 p.m. today. Mural
howling begins Monday, Jan. 20.
