# Jury Convicts 13 U.S. Red Leaders
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 21 (UP)â€”After
deliberating for seven days, a jury
convicted 13 second-string leaders
of the American Communist party
today on charges of conspiring to
go underground to prepare for the
overthrow of the U.S. government.
Federal Judge Edward Dimock
immediately ordered all 13, includ
ing three women, to be locked up
until their sentencing next Wednes
day to prevent any of them from
escaping justice, as other Commu
nists have done.
Among the convicted members of
the Communist "junior command"
were Alexander Trachtenberg, 66,
long a top Red leader in the U.S.
and allegedly one of the founders
of the Communist spy ring in this
country, and Elizabeth Gurley
Flynn, 61, the "first lady" of Amer
ican Communist.
