# FILM SERIES TONIGHT
## 
### 
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
"Colonel Effingham's Raid," sec
ond movie in the current winter
Film Series, starring Charles Co -
burn and Joan Bennett, will be
shown tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium at 7:30.
