# WESTERN UNION
## PRESENTS TELEGRAMS 
### TELEFAX 
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
At Enuna and al tlir Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is, nec
essary only to write y»ur message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way. tranr.-
mined immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body aie authorized by Western
Union to charge telegtaph tolls
without formality. Statements are
rendered monthly.
