# DAILY PROMOTIONS
## 
### 
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
The Daily editorial board an
nounces the promotions of Frances
Jackson and Alice Robb to copy
reader.
