# Debaters to Talk On Price Control
## 
### 
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
The Stanford debate team will
challenge San Francisco State to
morrow night at. 7:30 in Room 231,
History corner. The topic is "Re
solved, that the federal government
should adopt a permanent program
of wage and price control." The
public is invited without charge.
Tryouts for llie Hearst Oratorical
Contest will be lield April G. Sign
up lists are posted now outside the
debate office, Room 203-C. The sub
ject of the contest this year is
Henry Clay.
The choice of topics for the Joffre
debate with the University of Cali
fornia has been narrowed down to
either "Radicalism in France" cu
"French Policy in the Mediterra
nean." The final decision will be
made soon.
