# Sokol Takes Leave For Summer Term
## 
### 
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
Dr. Anthony E. Sokol, assistant
professor of Germanic languages, has
been forced to discontinue teaching
for the Summer Quarter due to ill
ness.
