# A.S.M.E. MEETS
## 
### 
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
Action on applications of prospec
tive members of the Stanford branch
of the A.S.M.E. will be taken at a
meeting to be held in the clubrooms
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening,
Chairman Max Marks announced
yesterday. Marks urged all members
of the local branch to attend be
cause of the important nature of the
meeting.
