# FLU HITS LLOYD GEORGE
## 
### 
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
BIRKENHEAD, Eng., Jan. 9 (JP)—
David Lloyd George, war-time Prime
Minister, was ordered to bed today
by his physician. He is suffering
from influenza.
