# GERMAN GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
The German honorary society will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the German department. Ernst Gie
secke, president of the society, jm
nounces that it is important that
every member be present as this is
the first meeting of the quarter.
