# Water Colors, Photos Complete Art Exhibit
## 
### 
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
Following a week-end change of j
exhibits in the Art Gallery, the
water colors of Howe Williams and
Mexican photographs of Judith Mar
tinez now complete the showing.
The collection of Williams con
tains scenes from the rural com
munity surrounding Paris, France, i
and desert views from Arizona. Most
of these water colors are done with
a light wash technique that adapts
itself well to the subjects chosen.
k
