# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
Knit your tLj-i
own Sweater
Bernatspun Skirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Hxpert free instruction
•
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
443 UNIVERSITY
I _____________
