# To Lead A.S.U.
## 
### 

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.

GENE GLASMANN last week was
elected president of the American
Student Union for the year 1938-
39; she succeeds Mark Hopkins to
the post. Outgoing and incoming
A.S.U. officers will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow
afternoon.
