# LAW STUDENTS
## 
### 
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
Students planning to enter the
School of Law or a pre-legal curri
culum at the beginning of the
autumn quarter, should leave their
j names with the secretary ol the
I School of Law immediately.
