# spotlight
## 
### 
It has been said that finding a rel
atively affordable place to live in
today's expensive Bay Area housing
market is like winning the lottery.
At Stanford University, several
dozen professors, administrators,
campus police officers, secretaries
and other University employees have
done just that. They have won a cam
pus-wide lottery for the highly covet
ed townhouse and apartment rentals
in a 628-unit complex now going up
along Sand Hill Road near Stanford
Shopping Center.
The University recently held the
first of a series of lotteries after the
campus housing office was swamped
with applications from employees to
get into the sprawling Stanford West
complex as newly completed buildings
open up.
â€” from the Oct. 14 issue of The San
Francisco Chronicle.
