# Father, Police End Youth's Honeymoon
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19 (UP). — The
hitch-hiking honeymoon of 14-year
old Ellen Paddy Cody was over to
night as the San Francisco girl wa.s
reunited here with her father. Her
16-year-old bridegroom was held in
county jail.
