# Dance Bid Sale May Be Limited
## A.S.S.U. to Provide Rides for Celebrants 
### 
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
The possibility of a limit being set
on the number of tickets to be .sold
for the First Annual Big Game dance
became more and more of a proba
bility over the week-end. according
to Ned Pugh, ticket sales chairman.
There will probably be no tickets
sold at the door, and all students
planning to attend are urged to buy
their bids early this week, Pugh
said.
The dance, given by the A.S.S.U.
in response to numerous requests by
students for an inexpensive off-cam
pus dance on Big Game night, will
feature the orchestra of Jimmy Grier,
one of the best-liked name bands on
the Coast. It will be Grier's first
appearance at a Stanford - spon
sored affair.
A.S.S.U. EAGER
Eagerness of the A.S.S.U. to make
the dance a success, and thus insure
its continuance in future years, was
exemplified by the announcement
last week that special bus transpor
tation will be provided for students
unable to secure rides. Buses with
a capacity of 18 couples each will
transport celebrants to and from the
Millbrae Country Club, scene of this
year's affair.
Tickets for bus transportation arc
$1 per couple, and should be pur
chased in advance at the A.S.S.U.
office, according to Ken Cuthbert
son, Associated Students president.
AMPLE FACILITIES
Facilities at the Millbrae Country
Club include large banquet tables,
dining room, two large ballrooms,
and a patio for dancing. A spacious
outdoor lawn terrace will provide a
"between the dances" site.
Committees announced by Gordy
Nicoll, dance chairman, include Ruth
Ide, chaperones; Sue Hyman, deco
ration; Ned Pugh, ticket sales; Bruce
! Jessup, general arrangements; and
I Wilson Cannon, publicity.
