# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Photo If
I
Stationery
UIIGHTffIRnS
>66 University Avtnu*
PALO ALTO, CALIF.
' ————
ALL MAKES
REPAIRED
• Used cars bought
and sold.
• Chrysler-
I
Plymouth dealer.
*
Campus Garage
Established 21 years
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 22158
An old Farm
tradition . . .
it!
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
