# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
In 30 months starting July, 1940,
485,00 workers in the United States
lost their lives and 258,000 lost eyes,
fingers, hands, arms, or legs in in
dustrial accidents.
