# CONFERENCE
## Brandt Elected Farmer's Head 
### 
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of agri
cultural economics in the Food Re
search Institute, was elected presi
dent of the Western Farm Economics
Association at its annual conference
at the University of California June
24 to 26.
He served last year as vice-presi
dent of the association, which repre
sents farmers from the Pacific and
mountain states.
Dr. Brandt addressed delegates to
the conference on the subject, "Ra
tioning as an Essentia' to Food Con
servation and Equitable Distirbu
tion" at a dinner meeting in San
Francisco Thursday night. Mem
bers of the San Francisco chapters
of the American Statistical Associa
tion and the American Marketing
Association joined in the meeting.
Other Stanford professors who ad
dressed the conference were Dr. M.
K. Bennett, professor of economic
geography and executive director of
the Food Research Institute; Dr.
Joseph S. Davis, professor of eco
nomic research and director of the
institute; and Dr. Vladimer P.
Timoshenko, professor of commodity
economics.
