# World Affairs Group To Discuss Post-War
## 
### 
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
The first summer meeting of the
World Affairs group of the "Y"
will he held today at 4:15 on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Problems of reconstruction and
post-war organization will be dis
cussed informally under the chair
manship of Dodie Crile. Sugges
tions of topics and speakers for
the rest of the summer will be
welcomed.
All students are invited to at
tend.
