# German Cadets Visit University.
## 
### 
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
Forty German cadets from the
German training ship Herzogin
Cecilia, which has just arrived in
San Francisco harbor, visited Stan
ford yesterday. They were accom
panied by Captain and Mrs. Die
triechs and Count and Countess
Shock, who during their short stay
here were entertained by Dr. and
Mrs. Goebel.
