# Nevada Wants Track Meet.
## 
### 
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
W. P. Catlin, manager of the
University of Nevada track team,
whs on the campus Friday to ar
range for a meet this spring with
the Stanford team. It was decided
by the trainer and student body
treasurer that such a meet would
be desirable if a proper date and
guarantee can be agreed upon. In
case the event is arranged it will
take place about three or four
weeks before the intercollegiate
meet with California, probably
in March.
Trainer Moulton favors the plan,
as it will bring the two universities
into closer relationship than that
developed by the annual football
game, and it will also create more
interest at Stanford in track ath
letics. This latter reason is espe
cially important in view of the
lack of prospect for a meet with
the University of Washington this
spring. This is considered im
practicable on account of the dis
tance of that institution from
Stanford and the consequent heavy
expense of bringing down a team.
Unless the Nevada meet material
izes, the annual contest with Cali
fornia will be the only track event
of importance during the coming
season.
