# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
Seniors at the University of Wash- j
ington have "Senior Shine Day," when i
the seniors all turn bootblacks. The i
money is used for the class chaiity
fund.
