# EXHIBIT OF HANDIWORK OF AMERICAN INDIANS WILL APPEAR SUNDAY
## 
### 
Indian arts of pottery and weaving
have come into their own, and are
now recognized by artists in Europe
and this country. The Indians pro
duce the finest real handicraft in
America. Examples of this work will
be shown in the Southwest Indian
Handicraft Exhibition in the Art Gal
lery beginning Sunday.
Leon Bakst, prominent internation
al artist, studied the Indian design
and claimed them to be among the
world's finest motifs. Bakst made a
series of designs for American tex
tiles, and only his death prevented
his plan of featuring the beauty of
Indian art.
A large group of fine examples of
pottery collected by Lemos from
fourteen Indian pueblos will be dis
played. A group of Indian ceremonial
dolls and blankets from the James
Swinnerton collection will also be
shown. A group of drawings by In
dian artists, men whose work hangs
on the walls in New York exhibitions
alongside the work of modern Ameri
can artists will be shown. A group
also of art work by Indian school
children will be on the walls.
