# BOMB PLOT TO KILL KING OF ITALY FAILS, 14 SLAIN, 40 INJURED
## 
### 
MILAN, April 12—(U.P.)3—A com
pletely mysterious attempt to assas
sinate King Victor Emanuel failed by
five minutes today, but resulted in
the death of fourteen persons and the
serious injury of forty.
King Victor, quiet, reticent consti
tutional monarch with the dynamic
Benito Mussolini to do his governing
for him, was due to pass along the
Piazza Giulio Cesare at 10 a.m., en
route to the annual industrial fair.
An enormous crowd, which soldiers
repressed with difficulty, was waiting
to cheer him.
At 9:55 an infernal machine of tre
mendous force, buried at the base of
an ornamental lamp post at the curb
stone of the piazza, exploded with an
ear-splitting detonation. Men, women,
children, and the guarding soldiers
were torn to pieces.
