# GOVERNOR GRANTS REPRIEVE
## 
### 
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
MARSHFIELD, Oregon, April 12. —
(U.P.)—A reprieve of one week was
granted by Governor I. L. Patterson
here late today for James Willos and
Ellsworth Kelley, condemned to die
on the gallows tomorrow for the mur
der of two guards during a prison
break in 1925.
