# Old Boy Hails Farm With Theatre Issue
## 
### 
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
"Buy Stanford! Buy a Chappie!
Hellycs, buy anything!"
With these momentous words,
business mogul Bob Savage floated
in from San Jose to complete Ihe
new deal for the Farm as he an
nounced the Old Boy's Theatre issue
which will make its debut on the
Quad this morning.
Ringing bells from atop the Me
morial Church while standing on
one foot at 3 o'clock this morning,
Savage called for v his cohort Cam
eron to come and organize the wo
men who will sell copies on the
Quad today. They are to report at
the Engineering corner at 8 o'clock,
ho shouted.
"Geeve us a theatre!" he con
cluded, and with the admonition to
be sure to look at the hectic cover
by Algar to learn what happened to
Rcmeo when Juliet said something,
he lost his balance and fell down
the garbage chute.
