# Challenges Mark
## 
### 

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)

The outstanding runner of Uni
versity of California at Los Ange
les' track team is speedy Jimmy Lu
Valle who runs the 440 yard event,
(Associated Press Photo)
