# Maloney Plans Canadian Tour For Card Ruggers
## 
### 
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
Stanford's rugby team may make
a British Columbia tour next De
cember, playing three games with
Canadian teams, it was announced
yesterday by Harry Maioney, execu
tive chairman of the California
Rugby Union.
Maioney expects to make a trip
north in September to complete ar
thc Stanford team in the relays
proper, swimming in the medley
and the 400-yard freestyle events.
Gther Indian stars include Jim
Tiiolo, Dick Hirsch, Gordon Graves,
Burke Knapp, and Vlad Taranik.
Admission will be 40c for adults
and 25c for students.

i rr.ngements for the contests. The
University of British Columbia has
advanced a proposal for the inter
n; tional series, and suggested that
games might be played with the uni
versity team, and representative
teams from Vancouver and Victoria.
