# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
The team that will represent Cali
fornia against Stanford on the tennis
courts will be chosen from results of
exhibition contests held at Berkeley
every Wednesday.
