# E PLURIBUS UNUM
## 
### 
When any group can sacrifice per
sonal desires and peer beyond petty
apprehensions and prejudices in order
to attain common good, definite as
surance is thereby guaranteed of a
healthy stride along the proper high
way. Representatives of fraternities
at Stanford last night agreed upon
certain concessions and regulations,
which they deemed would rectify any
existing faults that have been laid at
the door of local Greek letter soci
eties. Final action rests with the
majority men of the individual chap
ters.
********
Realizing that neither practical nor
satisfactory results are obtainable
without some form of organization, an
intwfraternity conference of the Uni
versity has been recommended. That
such a step has not been taken in the
past, a closer association insuring
high ideals and better understanding,
seems almost unexplaiuable. Ratifica
tion by the various fraternities of this
initial feature of the suggested pro
gram is essential for the attainment
of future progress.
* * * Â»
Measures advocated for the im
provement of fraternity scholarship
are not only distinctly refreshing, but
deserving of unanimous approval. By
postponing initiation of pledges until
the second semester, with the require
ment of satisfactory work in three
fourths of their studies, the faculty
axe will be dulled for extensive use
in fraternity circles. Freshmen are
afforded the incentive to harpoon the
necessary hours, while simultaneously
Greek letter societies are insured
against undesirable fratres. Unani
mous endorsement of the proposals
should be furnished Monday evening,
paving the way for bigger and broader
fraternity life.
