# Pinchot Has Praise for College Men
## Speaks at Banquet Tendered Him by Members of Phi Gamma Delta 
### 
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
College men and college audiences
caine in for a share of a rare brand
of praise last evening, when Clifford
Pinchot, guest of honor at a dinner
tendered him by the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity, expressed his opinion re
garding such an audience as sur
rounded him yesterday in Stanford
Union.
"There is 110 gathering that I would
rather face than one composed of
college men," Mr. Pinchot said. "An
audience such as the one this after
noon seems to be made of real people,
men and women with genuine feeling
and understanding, who are willing to
see the speaker's point of view and re
spond to it."
In Professor Bailey AVillis, head of
tlie Department of Geology, Gifford
Pinchot found a friend whom he had
not seen for nearly a decade. Follow
ing the dinner royal which the Phi
Gees served, Professor Willis won ap
plause with his tribute to the char
acter of the father of American con
servation.
Professors E. W. Smith, J. O. Grif
fin, F. Sanford, R. D. Green, L. R.
Abrams, E. B. Krehbiel, .T. W. Ping
ham, Pailey Willis, V. .T. West, several
members of the student body, and well
known Palo Alto Republicans were
guests at Phi Gamma Delta.
