# Keio Application Now at I-Shack
## 
### 
Interested students may now
obtain applications at the Asia
Desk in the HR Shack for the
exchange program at Keio Uni
versity in Tokyo.
The student selected will attend
Keio University from April, 1963,
to March, 1964. Ho will take
classes in Japanese and partici
pate in student activities. A Japa
nese background is required, but
this may be obtained after appli
cation.
The student can receive as
much as 45 units of credit in
Japanese and some additional
credits if desired.
and room and board
are paid for by Keio University.
An expense account is also pro
vided. The only expense for the
student is transportation to and
from Japan.
Applications are due at the Asia
Desk on May 4.
Further information can be ob
tained from Jim Moser at DA 3-
8725 between 6 and 7 p.m.
