# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).

TRACK COACH Payton Jordan (far right) was happy to have these four big men last Saturday against
Washington. From left to right, Art Batchelder (javelin winner), Dave Weill and Don Bell (first and
second in the discus), and Rich Klier (mile winner).
