# Lady Hoopsters Lose to Bears
## 
### 
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
Stanford women finally learned
some humility. Yesterday at the
Pavilion, the California Amazons
rolled up a 61-29 basketball win
over Stanford.
Carol Hanks scored 19 points
for the losers.
It is rumored that the Stanford
and California men will soon com
pete in a hopscotch tournament.
STANFORD ... 5 612 6—29
CALIFORNIA . 20 12 16 23 -61
