# Student Aid Extended
## 
### 
The House Education and La
bor Committee has approved a
bill extending the Federal Gov
ernment's major student finan
cial aid programs for two years.
President Johnson had recom
mended that the various student
aid programs be extended for
five years. The Committee also
rejected a recommendation that
all the programs be combined
under a single act â€” the Edu
cation Opportunity Act of 1968.
The committee's proposal that
the programs be extended for
only two years indicates some
dissatisfaction with the govern
ment's overall effort in finan
cial aid to students. There have
been numerous recent recom
mendations about how the gov
ernment should modify and in
crease its student aid programs.
The proposal two-year extension
presumably is designed to give
Congress the opportunity to re
view the various recommenda
tions, and possibly make major
changes in the programs in two
rather than five years.
The committee's approved bill
involves guaranteed student
loan program, National Defense
Education Act loans. Education
Opportunity Grants, and the col
lege work-study program. The
programs will expire June 30
without new Congressional au
thority. If the bill is approved
by Congress, the combined au
thorization for all these pro
grams will be about $1 billion.
