# Trueblood Chooses Saints' Day Theme
## 
### 
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will speak on the general
theme of "All Saints Day" in the
Sunday service in Memorial Church
this week-end at 11 o'clock.
"Inasmuch as this is the closest
day to All Saints Day, November 1,
services will be conducted in line
with the observance of this event,"
he said.
