# Group To Attend Political Parlev
## 
### 
Dr. Phillip W. Buck, assistant pro
fessor of political science, will head
a group of students attending the
1937 conference of Northern Cali
fornia - Nevada International Rela
tions Clubs, at Mills College, today
and tomorrow. David Blee, Julius
Carey, John S. O'Neill, L. M. Bell,
and Mary Beaton will accompany
Professor Buck.
Delegates will extend an invitation
to the conference to hold the 1938
session at Stanford. Sponsored an
nually by the Carnegie Endowment
for International Peace, the con
vention would attract approximately
75 to 100 persons to this campus,
said Dr. Buck in announcing plans
for the invitation.
Round table discussions covering
various phases of world affairs and
talks by Dr. Buck, Major C. Douglas
Booth, international relations ob
server, and Dr. Aurelia Henry Rcin
hardt of Mills will be included in
the week-end program at the wom
en's college.
