# Farm Professors To Discuss Russia
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
Two Stanford professors, Profes
sor H. H. Fisher, of the department
of history, and Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, of the chemistry department,
are on the dinner program of the
American Russian Institute on No
vember 5. The dinner, at the Sir
Francis Drake Hotel, will mark the
20th anniversary of the Soviet Gov
ernment.
Professor Fisher will discuss "The
USSR and the Far Eastern Crisis,"
and Professor Mcßain will talk on
"A Scientist Revisits the Soviets."
Other speakers include Dr. Michael
Shapovalov, senior plant patholo
gist of the Department of Agricul
ture; Gregory I. Gokhman, Soviet
consul general; and Dr. Ralph A.
Reynolds, president of the institute.
