# AUTOMOBILE PARTY VISITS SANTA CRUZ FOR DAY EXCURSION
## Seaside Town Connected With Early History Of State 
### 
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
Santa Cruz was the destination of
last Saturday's automobile excursion
tour. This was the last of the trips
which have been arranged by John
Sellards, Director of the Summer
Quarter. The group lest early in the
morning, arriving at Santa Cruz about
10 o'clock. There they divided, some
swimming and others exploring the
town.
The city has an interesting connec
tion with early California develop
ment. Richard Dana, of "Two Years
Before the Mast," stopped there a
number of times.
The party returned at about 4:30 in
the afternoon.
