# UNION PACIFIC SATISFIED WITH C.P. SETTLEMENT
## 
### (By United Press 
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 16.—The Union
Pacific railroad is entirely satisfied
with the settlement of the controversy
between that road and the Southern
Pacific, involving control of the Cen
tral Pacific lines between Ogden and
San Francisco, Carl Gray, president of
the Union Pacific, said here today.
