# Six Years Ago
## 
### 
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
January 16, 1917

Pour teams comprising this year's
baseball peanut league will start to
night on a schedule that will carry
them through the last week in March.
The respective managers have lined up
some diamond teams that seem to be
evenly matched and some hot battles
are exepcted. The proposed strike of
the baseball fraternity has not as yet
struck Stanford and there are no hold
outs reported. A system of surveil
lance and espionage will be introduced
at each game of the league when
scouts will report those players who
show' enough class to warrant their
being transferred to the varsity or
freshman squads.
The first basketball game of the sea
son will be played with the College of
the Pacific Saturday night in San
Francisco.
The red-headed hod-carrier has dis
appeared. His place has been usurped
by a Ford whose every move is a sig
nal for creaks and groans and much
lamentation. This Ford makes a trip
back and forth along its track, when
ever men working on the roof of the
new Art Gallery have need of ma
terials. It takes the place of a donkey
engine. The noise of this self-alleged
automobile can be heard clearly in the
rooms of the English building. Ask the
professors who are sentenced to serve
time in those rooms for verification.
The first baseball practice game of
the year will be held Saturday when
the varsity meets a team of players
brought down from San Francisco by
"Wabbles" Stafford. His squad is made
up of former college players, some of
whom are members of the fast Olym
pic Club nine. Captain Hayes expects
the varsity to make a good showing
in their first appearance of the 1917
season.
