# Isabelle Muzzey Elected Hockey Manager for 1923
## 
### 
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
Isabelle Muzzey, '24, was elected
hockey manager for next fall yester
day afternoon.
Miss Muzzey played right-inside on
this year's junior class team and was
a member of the 1921 all-star hockey
eleven.
