# Total Registration Is Ten Above 1922 Winter Quarter
## 
### 
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
The total registration in Stanford up
to today is 2577, which is exactly ten
.more than that at this date a year ago
'which was 2567.
In other ways the statistics are similar
also. The number of new students reg
istering this term is 119, while the num
ber last year was 122; thirteen more old
students registered for the winter quar
ter this year than last. The number of
women among the new students is slightly
larger this year than last, while the num
ber of new men students is slightly less.
The registration figures are practically
final now although a few more may be
added to the rolls during the present
week; after that registration is practi
cally impossible.
Last year there were 39 students ad
mitted during the third week of the term
and this year there is a possibility that
about as many as that may be admitted.
