# LEAGUE OF NATIONS TROOPS WIN BLOODLESS BATTLE
## 
### (By United Press 
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
BERLIN, Jan. 16. —Lithuanian ir
regular troops held Memel, East Prus
sia border city, under jurisdiction of
the League of Nations, by force of
arms today, having defeated a defend
ing French force in a bloodless "bat
tle."
