# AMERICANIZATION IS WRANGLER TOPIC
## 
### 
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
Professor William G. Beacli, of the
Economics department, will give a
talk on "The Economic Basis of Amer
icanization," before the Wranglers So
ciety tomorrow evening in the Wo
men's •Clubhouse, at 7:15. Wrangler
mcctir.gs are usually restricted to
mrmners, but on this occasion each
Wrangler may bring two guests.
Wranglers is an organization of
thirteen women, which meets every
Thursday evening for the purposes of
discussions, usually on current prob
lems. The study of labor movements
is being discussed by the society at
present. In the near future a series
of talks on modern culture will take
place.
