# DR. McLEAN TELLS INDIVIDUAL'S PART IN WORLD AFFAIRS
## 
### 
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
That tlie part of the individual in
creating international influence is con
tributing to public opinion was clearly
brought out by Dr. Ida Smcdley Mac-
Lean in her address in the Little The
ater, last evening. Dr. Mac Lean, who
is the representative of the British
Federation of College Women, had as
the topic of her talk, "The Influence
of the Individual in International
Life."
"The power ol' a nation lies very
largely in its public opinion," said Dr.
Mac Lean. "And as it is by education
that public opinion is molded, educa
tion should be international in its
scope." In this connection Dr. Mac-
Lean suggested that foreign scholar
ships for graduate students be insti
tuted in all universities so the edu
cated people of the future may be
thoroughly familiar with International
problems.
Many channels of contact between
nations should be fostered that their
svnipathies and interests may be inter
woven. The coming federation of Eng
lish and American college women is
an effort in this direction. The very
purpose of the organization in send
ing British scholars to the United
fcrtates, and American scholars to Eng
ling is to promote this international
feeling.
