# ALCAZAR SETTING TO BE UTILIZED IN PLAY
## 
### 
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
Gordan Davis, '18, coach for the Eng
lish Club play to be presented February
20, and James Quinby, '18, concluded ar
rangements with the Alcazar Theater in
San Francisco this afternoon for an in
terior setting for "Rutherford & Son."
The play, although in three acts, is pre
sented entirely within the one scene of
the Rutherford home. The sinister
presence of the northern moor as well
as the almost living presence of the
Rutherford ancesters is essential to the
atmosphere of the play. The setting,
therefore, is unusually important.
