# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
Stork* Student Publication*
Building, Stanford. California
94305.
(Entered a> second claw matter
at the Povt office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3. 1879.)
