# Math Introduces Honor Program
## 
### 
For the first time, an under
graduate honors program in
mathematics will be offered at
Stanford beginning this fall.
The program will lead to a
bachelor's of science degree with
department honors, said Prof.
Harold Bacon of the Mathema
tics Department, who chaired the
special faculty-student commit
tee which drew up the course.
Prof. Halsey Royden will serve
as adviser to the honors pro
gram, which is open to juniors
and seniors. Minimum require
ments for admission to the pro
gram include a 3.5 average in
math courses taken at Stanford,
completion of at least two quar
ters of advanced calculus, and
one quarter of linear algebra.
