# BUSTER KEATON ILL
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
HOLLYWOOOD, Oct. 20 (/P).—The
condition of Buster Keaton, 39, film
comedian, ill at his home here, was
described today by his physician, Dr.
John Shuman, as "serious."
