# BETA PLEDGES
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Hewes Crispin, '37, and
Sam Foster, '38.
