# Euphronia Meets to Decide Yearns Flans
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the present quarter
last night in Room 12 of the Law
building. After a short business
meeting the program for the quarter
'.vas discussed. Although the war has
somewhat disturbed the work, Eu
phronia's officers announce that an ex
tensive program consisting of debates
on vital war problems, and lectures on
popular war subjects by various fac
ulty member,s is being arranged.
