# Rev. Baker Sunday Evening.
## 
### 
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
Sunday evening Stanford stu
dents will have the privilege of
hearing Itev. Ernest E. Baker of
the First Presbyterian church,
Oakland. Mr. Baker is one of
possibly three of the strongest and
most prominent divines about the
bay. This is the fourth address in
the series arranged for by the
Christian Associations. So success
ful have been these addresses, and
so popularly attended,that a much
more elaborate program is being
prepared for Sunday evenings of
next semester.
