# Sign-Ups End For Frosh-Soph Day
## 
### 
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
A
Sign-tips for Saturday's Frosh-
Sopli Jamboree end today, accord
ing to committee member Ted
Slocum.
The lists are posted in all fresh
man and sophomore living groups
and will be collected tonight.
Contestants may sign for the
afternoon games, which will in
clude Softball and mixed volley
ball. The water games, which will
take place in the morning, do not
require sign ups.
