# ‘Here's Egg in Your Eye’
## 
### 
Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

Freshman class president Dick Coffing cringes as raw egg with
which sophomore agitators christened him drips across his face.
They also lipsticked a bright red "*5B" on his chest. Untying him
are (left to right) freshmen Duncan Beardslee, Ed Artuci and Ed
Snate. —Daily photo by Ed Fayle

