# Foreign Students Will Need Homes
## 
### 
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
American students living in the
area are needed to offer their
homes for two weeks next fall to
the foreign students who start ar
riving in mid-September, accord
ing to lIR member Barbara von
Briesen.
Interested students are asked to
contact Dr. Werner Warmbrunn,
Foreign Student Adviser Office,
or Miss von Briesen, Madrono, be
fore May 30.
