# Spring Sing Fever Strikes Campus
## 
### 
Melodies can be heard all over
campus as 38 groups go into their
final few days of Spring Sing
preparation. The Kith all-Univer
sity sing will be held this Friday
evening at 7:15.
The traditional Frost Amphi
theater event is sponsored by Ihe
Rally Committee. Fred Forline is
chairman.
Singers will be judged in nine
divisions: men's, women's and
mixed, in groups of 40 and under,
40 to HO, and HO and over.
Chairman Fortine says that
four minutes is time limit for
groups under <SO, and five min
utes for larger groups.
The traditional match â€¢ lighting
ceremony will lie an intermission
feature of the Sing, and the newly
formed Men's Glee Club will sing
at the conclusion of the competi
tion.
