# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Hunts Food: A.B.—liberal arts,
training program.
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.:
all majors personal and business
sales. Location: San Francisco.
Stern, Frank, Meyer & Fox:
M.B.A. — trainees. Location: Los
Angeles.
VV. T. Grant: all majors—man-
agement trainees. Location: West
ern slates.
