# SU Man Made Edinburgh Fellow
## 
### 
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
Anthony Milton, Resident As
sistant in Pharmacology at Stan
ford, has been named Imperial
Chemical Industries Research
Fellow in Pharmacology at the
University of Edinburgh, it was
announced today.
