# Stanford Man in Fatal Accident
## 
### 
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
Friends will regret to hear of tha
death of Frank E. Palmer, ex-'l4, who
was accidentally killed at Ellensburg,
I Washington, on September 9. Palmer.
| who was a Theta Delta Chi, left Stan
ford in 1913.
