# Will Play for Championship.
## 
### 
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
A. B. Cox, '07, and C. R. Crider,
'07, will play the final set of the
handball tournament for the cham
pionship of the University to-mor
row at 10:30 in the Encina gym
nasium.
