# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
—G. Adderson, the overseer of
buildings, is seriously ill at his
son's residence in San Francisco.
