# Prohibition League Debate.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
At a meeting of the Prohibition
League, to-morrow at 7:45, a debate
will be held on the question, "Re
solved, That the dispensary system
of South Carolina is the best means
of controlling the liquor traffic in
that state under present condi
tions." M. Wolff, '08, and B. L.
Long, '07, will speak for the af
firmative, and 11. Stover, '08, and
A. R. Toothaker, '06, for the neg
ative.
