# Adv. 6 Page 4
## 
### 
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
FILM
PREMIER
Oct. 4
Mem. Aud.
Admission 50 Cents
Stanford University
Office of Public Events
presents
the MODERN
JAZZ
QUARTET with
the LOS
ANGELES
STRING
QUARTET
in a GRAND
ENCOUNTER
Memorial Hall
Stanford University
TONIGHT! ★ 8:30
Tickets 3.50/2.75/2.00
Tresidder Union Ticket Office
Memorial Hall Ticket Office
and all TRS/TICKETRON agencie»
