# Fillmore Change
## 
### 
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
Due to the tragic death of
David Crosby's fiance in an
automobile accident, Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young will not
appear at Fillmore West this
weekend. At this writing, the
auditorium's management is still
trying to assemble a replacement
show headlined by a comparable
group. Blues Image and John
Sebastian are definitely set to
perform.

Those already holding tickets
for this weekend can either use
them for the substitute bill, save
them for Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young's next Fillmore appearance
now scheduled for November or
present them at the Fillmore box
office starting Monday at 11 a.m.
for a full refund.
Local AM and FM stations will
immediately broadcast names of
replacement groups today as they
receive them from the Fillmore.
