# Miss Sutliff to Give Library Course.
## 
### 
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
.Miss Helen Sutliff, head of the cuta
logue department at the Stanford Li
brary, will have charge of the courses
in library science to lie given at the
coming summer session of the Univer
sity of California. Miss Sutliff will
give a course in classification and cat
aloguing. .Miss Edith Coulter and S.
B. Mitchell, former Stanford students,
will both give courses in reference
worl*.
