# War Information
## 
### 
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
Besides conforming to the qualifica
tions set by the United States Signal
Corps for membership in the Tele
phone Unit, which is a part of the
United States army, the operators are
now required to pass a psychological
examination to determine their mo
tives for wanting to go abroad.
"Out of seven thousand five hun
dred applications for membership in
the Unit of telephone girls which has
been sent to France, two hundred and
fifty have been selected," is the state
ment of Captain Wesson, Signal Corps
officer in charge of the Unit. One
hundred women, in the official olive
drab uniform of the Signal Corps,
have been sent abroad, and one hun
dred and fifty are awaiting orders in
this country.
These girls are stationed in groups
of ten in American bases of supplies,
and points of embarkation, according
to Captain Wesson. They will not be
nearer than twenty-three miles to the
front. New York state sent the great
est number of telephone operators,
and California and Massachusetts tied
for second place. An officer of the
Signal Corps who is experienced in
the employment of telephone opera
tors, is in charge of the housing and
general wolfaro of the operators in
France.
