# DILL TO SPEAK ON KNBC
## 
### 
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
Marshall Dill, Jr., acting instruc
tor in history, will appear with two
other authorities on KNBC's radio
forum, "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs," tonight at 7. They will dis
cuss "Germany, Political Battle
ground of Europe."
