# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
Lagunita Court announces th
engagement of Virginia I'. Fentoi
.VI, to Perry Bricstmon, Universit
of California \>2.
