# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
It is gratifying to note that since
the rush between the Freshmen and
Sophomores on Stanford Field,there
has been a conspicious absence of
the form of amusement termed
"hazing" by those bent on its sup
pression. The institution of haz
ing does not enjoy any great meas
ure of popularity at Stanford, and
has never threatened to reach the
extremes practiced in many other
universities. The custom of sub
jecting the entering student to ex
periences at least unpleasant
should not be cultivated in a col
lege boasting of the class of men to
be found at Stanford. It is to be
hoped that in the future Sopho
more-Freshman rivalries will find
an outlet in similar rushes rather
than in rancorous hazing parties.
