# Nestoria Elects Officers.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
The first meeting of the Neefcoria
Debating Society for the present
semester was held last Friday even
ing for the purposes of reorganiza
tion and election of officers. The
election resulted as follows: Presi
dent, W. A. Campbell, ,07; vice
president, 11. A. Beebee, '07; secre
tary and treasurer, Y. Ichihashi,
'07; and delegate to the President's
Conference, C. A. Beardsley, '06.
