# Berkeley Foot-ball Schedule.
## 
### 
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
Graduate Manager 0. F. Snedi
gar, of California, has announced
the schedule of practice games for
the season. The absence of the
usual games with outside teams is
noticeable. The games and their
dates follow: Juniors vs. Sopho
mores, Sept. 18; Freshmen vs.Soph
'omores, Sept. 21; Juniors vs. Soph
omores, Sept. 25; Freshmen vs.
Seniors, Sept. 28; Seniors vs. Soph
omores, Oct. 2; Freshmen vs. Jun
iors, Oct. 5.
