# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
Alpine House: Steve Boy an,
Larry Hecht, Steve Hokie, Kath
erine Kirby, Judith McCormaek,
Ted Sterling, Bob Wakefield, Tor
rey Whitman.
