# Adv. 36 Page 6
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
ENGAGEMENT
Theta XI announces th e en
gagement of David Welford Wil
liams, '63, to Margi Pohlman, ’G3,
presently a hostess for United Air
Lines.
