# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
INDIANS
Could your campus
wardrobe stand a new
sport shirt or few? Re
gard this exceptional
buy at R A—genuine
Indian Madras num
bers, at but 5.95!
These are the real
thing, mind you, hand
dyed and woven fab
rics, no two alike, that
bleed, man. Which, of
course, means that
they mellow and im
prove with each wash
ing, thereby assuming
a character all their
own. Our Indian
friends have enough
trouble these days.
Don’t let them down
stock up today at this
sensational price.
