# Stanford Rifle Squad Defeats U. Cal Davis
## 
### 
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
Stanford’s rifle squad defeated
the University of California at
Davis squad 1416-1396 on the
Stanford range Thursday. Mike
Dunia led the Cards with a 290
mark.
The Indian team is now 4-1 for
the season and tied for first place
with Cal Berkeley. Stanford com
petes in the Northern California
Intercollegiate Rifle Conference.
Matches are scored on a total
point basis.
Other Stanford squad mem
bers, with their Thursday scores:
Phil Raster (284). Bruce Lueck
(283), Kent Carson (282), and
Frank Morris (277).
The Stanford women’s team
fired a pistol match with the Da
vis girls’ team while the men
were defeating the Davis squad.
Led by Carlisle Haley’s 283, the
Indian women totaled 1317. The
winner of the match won’t be
known until the Davis score is
received.
