# California Drops Many Students.
## 
### 
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
Two hundred and forty students
of California were dropped at. the
er.d of last semester, for unsatisfac
tory scholarship. One hundred and
ninety-two are men and forty-eighl
women. It is said that but few of
them will be allowed to return, on
account of a. new ruling of the fac
ility, which provides that no student
may take a re-examination without
written consent of the dean of his
college.
