# Stanford Graduates Married.
## 
### 
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
Cards are out announcing the mar
riage of Miss Beatrice G. Philippi,
'07, to Mr. H. Norman Snively, '05,
on December 17, in San Francisco.
Snively is a member of the Delta
Kappa Epsilon fraternity and is at
present engaged in business in San
Francisco. Miss Philippi was elected
to Phi Beta Kappa while in college
and has been taking graduate work
at the University of California.
