# Tribe Rowers Seeded Third
## 
### 
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
The Western Intercollegiate
Rowing Championships will be
held this Saturday at San Diego,
with most colleges on the West.
Coast being entered. Stanford has
been seeded third, behind Cal and
Long Beach, in that order. Stan
ford will probably row against
Cal and the University of Wash
ington (unseeded) in the first
heat.
This will be a very difficult
race for Stanford, as they lost
to Cal earlier in the season by 2\s
lengths, and Washington also has
an excellent crew this year. The
final heat will be held Saturday
afternoon.
The season, so far, has been a
disappointment to the crew, be
cause based on potential and per
formances in practice and infor
mal competition, the varsity boat
is much better than regular com
petition would indicate.
