# Daily Meeting
## 
### 
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
A Daily stall meeting will be
held Sunday at 1 p.m. iu Room
320, Geology (tuner. Candi
dates for editor. Hob Naylor
and Nancy StelTen, will speak.
Sign-up list for the banquet
(May Ml) will be posted Sun
day.
