# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
ore
couples
camf to
<larl> It-
Jrwelrrs
tor I he"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds
vSP
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girltflc
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
