# 30 Joyce Letters Added to Library
## 
### 
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
A recent gift from William S.
Picher of Belvedere to Stanford
University makes the James A.
Joyce collection one of the most
complete author collections in the
Stanford library.
Picher's gift of 30 letters writ,
ten in the late Irish novelist's
handwriting, manuscripts, galley
proof and an early and rare pam
phlet of "The Day of the Rabble
ment" will lie added to the volu
minous and authentic material al
ready in the library.
