# 'The Wild Duck' Plays Wednesday
## 
### 
The Stanford Players will pre
sent Ibsen's sardonic drama, "The
Wild Duck," Wednesday at 8:lf>
p.m. in the Little Theatre as their
first spring production.
Subsequent performances will
continue every night through Sal
urday and May 1 through May 4.
Tickets cost $1 for Wednesday
and Thursday and $1.50 for Fri
day aird Saturday performances.
The tickets are available at Me
morial Auditorium box office.
David O'Brien, playing his last
role at Stanford, will appear as
H.jalmar Ekdal, a senlimental
photographer. Formerly O'Brien
has played such parts as Ihe Fool
in "Twelfth Night," Marchbanks
in "Candida," Peter bono in
"Thieves' Carnival" and Face in
"The Alchemist." His supporting
cast includes Philip Angeloff,
Ann Pine, Ann Crawford and
Philip Schultz. Robert Loper, as
sistant professor of drama, di
rects the play.
Settings for the play are de
signed by William Allison, who
also created the scenery for
"Twelfth Night" and "Thieves'
Carnival."
