# Football vs. Cornell
## 
### 
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
SATURDAY — 12:30 p.m. at Stanford
Stadium
NOTES — The Cardinal (1-3) hopes to
rebound from its 42-26 drubbing at the
hands of Notre Dame. After playing two
nationally ranked teams Stanford gets
a break playing the Div. IAA Cornell
Big Red (1-2).
