# INSIDE
## 
### 
The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



The Mad Hatter
Yugoslavs agree to
withdraw, with hats,
from Croatia soon
See World & Nation, page 3

The White Hare
Cardinal's new QB
starter says he's been
increasing his speed
See Sports, page 7

The Cheshire Cat
Two sophomores are
happy they helped
force Crayola's hand
See Diversions, page 9



