# WATER POLO
## Cards Host Bruin Seven 
### 
Stanford's water polo team will i
open its home season when t!.c\
meet a potent UCLA aggregation
tomorrow morning at the local
pool.
After waltzing to easy wins over
San Jose State and California last
week, the team should find the go
ing tougher this week. Reports
from down south indicate that the
Bruins are vastly improved over
last year.
The fortunes of the Stanford club
appear to rest with Bob Frojen,
flashy forward. The other lads 011
the team are good men who probab
ly could make almost any team in
the country, but it is the high
seoring Frojen who may lift the
team into the great class.
The rest of the line-up will find
Russ La Telle at goalie, Bert Holi
day, Ash Jones, and Mel Butler
backs, and Jim Gaughram and Bob
Wycoff helping Frojen up front.
