# KZSU
## 
### 
880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

880 ON YOUR DIAL

Starting this week, KZSU will
broadcast the Stanford junior var
sity football games. Tomorrow the
broadcast of the San Jose-Stanford
JV game will be broadcast starting
at 10:45 a.m.
TONIGHT
7-11 —Friday Night Request Time
TOMORROW
10:45 — Stanford - San Jose State
JV Football

