# Flying Footballer
## 
### 

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.

TOMMY HARMON former
University of Michigan football
great, is on Uncle Sam's team now.
He's an Army Air Force cadet at
Oxnard, Calif., and his plane is
No. 98, same as his famed gridiron
jersey number.
