# GOLF AT PORTLAND
## 
### 
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
PORTLAND. May 10 (UP).—The
Northwest Pro-Amateur Golf tour
nament will be held August 31 at
the Alderwood Country Club here,
Lawrence Lamberger, president of
the Oregon Professional Golfers
Association, announced today.
