# Contents
## 
### 
Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





Over the waves
7 Students from East
Asia are getting a
chance to experience
American culture first
hand through Stan
ford's Volunteers in
Asia program. And
they're learning that
the United States is a
lot more than McDon
ald's and Madonna.

Clearly
Canadian
9 Stanford is import
ing Canadian Prime
Minister Brian Mul
roney to deliver the
first keynote address at
this fall's Centennial
Celebration. He will
share the spotlight with
Mexican President Car
los Salinas de Gortiari.
And rumor has it that
these two in the hand
may be joined by Presi
dent George Bush.

Ball's
in his court
before he
I %#got a chance to
settle into the Bay
Area, Stanford's new
athletic director Ted
Leland has been forced
to confront serious
problems — especially
financial ones — in his
department. But
Leland has plans to
take the Cardinal out of
the red.
Cover photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A tisket,
a tasket
their quest
for Pan Ameri
can gold, Adam Keefe
and his American team
mates stuffed more bas
kets than their oppo
nents from Uruguay on
Monday, and will try to
do the same against
Puerto Rico today.

Playing doctor
1 ■•William Hurt
a gets a taste of
his own medicine in
"The Doctor," a film
about an uncaring
physician who learns
the pain of his own
indifference when he is
stricken with throat
cancer.





