# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

Majestic Mediterranean home for family or
entertaining. This home offers five bedrooms, four
baths, three fireplaces, two car garage, new custom
drapes, new patio with hot tub and landscaping.
Only l^ 2 years new in prime Redwood City Emerald
Lake. For more information or an appointment,
please call Robin Ketchens, 364-5039.

