# 'Nation' Prints Seniors' Work
## 
### 
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
"Heirs to Disillusion," an ar
ticle by Stanford seniors David
Egger and Ellen Maytag, was pub
lished in the May 17 issue of The
Nation.
The article, a "commencement
speech" to the class of '58, was
submitted as an expression of the
outlook of the present generation
and an answer to "The Careful
Young Men," a critical and con
troversial appraisal of the cur
rent college generation by 16 dis
tinguished teachers of creative
writing published in the March 9,
1957, issue of The Nation.
The article was one of four by
graduating seniors published in
The Nation. Two articles were by
students from West CoasH univer
sities and two from East Coast
schools. The four articles com
bined, said The Nation, "come as
close as any sampling can to rep
resenting the tenor of all [stu
dent outlooks]."
Egger and Miss Maytag discuss
the outlook and goals of the pres
ent graduating generation
through the eyes of a commence
ment speaker who discusses the
challenge facing today's gradu
ates and two representative stu
dents who tell their goals.
