# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
St alilor (5-6V>, 157 - pound
sophomore from Pacific Pali
sades) has come along well in
the pole vault after an injury
hampered start. Cleared 13-8 in
the Big Meet for second place,
his best effort (if year. Teams
with Mike Franchetti to give
Stanford the smallest pair of
good pole-vaulters in the coun
try. Watch for him next year.
Major: Pre-med.

Pease (5-9, 145-pound sopho
more from Bend, Ore.) is the
number two Stanford sprinter
behind Dean Smith. Has run
9.9 and 21.4 this year, the lat
ter in the Big Meet. Was a con
sistent double winner for the
frosh last year. Runs third leg
on Indian sprint relay teams.
Should he in thick of fight for
spot in PCC finals. Major: Gen
eral Studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Thursday)


JOHN STAIILER
Track


NORMAN PEASE
Truck
