# Hypnotic Act Will Be Given
## 
### 
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
A hypnotist and his group will
present a demonstration of sub
liminal perception and posthyp
notic suggestion, in addition to
putting volunteers to sleep under
suggestion that they are boards,
animals and various well-known
people at a show in Memorial Au
ditorium May 28 anc 29.
The hypnotist, Dr. Zarro, has
presented his show in many parts
of the country, including a recent
appearance on Treasure Island.
This will be the first time in
many years that a hypnotist has
visited the campus.
Tickets are on sale now in the
freshman dorms and will go on
sale on Enginering Corner Mon
day. General admission is $1, stu
dent admission is 75 cents and
frosh class card holders will be
admitted at 50 cents.
