# Prof to Discuss Spanish Authors
## 
### 
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
Mrs. Isabel Schevill, assistant
professor of Spanish, will speak
on the contemporary authors of
Spain at the Sigma Delta Pi meet
.ing today at 8:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
A brief Sigma Delta Pi meet
ing will be held before Mrs. Sche
vill's talk, at 7:30 p.m. Officers
for the 1958-59 term will be elect
ed. All Spanish students and oth
er interested persons are invited.
