# KITCHEN INSPECTOR
## 
### 
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
Applications for interfraternity
kitchen inspector will be taken until
Thursday. Interested fraternity men
should see Miss Margaret Riasetto,
Public Health Nurse, in Room 75 of
the Education Building after 2:30
p.m.
