# LANE CLINIC BENEFIT TOMORROW EVENING
## 
### 
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
A kitchen shower for the Lane Clinic
Hospital will be held tomorrow under
the auspices of Cap and Gown Society
from 7:15 to 8:15 at the Pi Phi house.
Each sorority group has been asked
to donate three articles toward the
shower. The eight kiddies sent down
from Lane Clinic in San Francisco will
be present at the party. Josephine
Welsh, '18, head of the committee in
charge, urges that everyone attend.
Plenty of jazz music and dancing are
promised.
