# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
The plan adopted by those in
control of the baseball work is
extremely icommendable and will
recommend itself to the good sense
of the student body at large. The
candidates for the team have
already been considerably handi
capped by the rains of recent date
in their attempts to better their
playing. While indoor practice is an
impossibility at Stanford, aB there
are no facilities for this, neverthe
less the candidates for the team
will be able to derive a great deal
of good from talking over the fine
points of the game among them
selves, and listening to the advice
of a player who has gained exper
ience in professional ranks. The
time that would be wholly lost
during rainy weather may thus be
used to good advantage. The coach
and captain are to be congratulated
upon their enterprise; it is to be
hoped that the candidates for the
nine will look at the innovation in
a proper light, and respond to the
additional sacrifice of their time
that it entails.
