# Philippine Debate Date Changed From April 10 To 4; Pick Unqualified Independence As Topic
## 
### 
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
Date for the debate with the Uni
versity of the Philippines has been
changed from April 10 to April 4 as
a result of a cablegram received from
Dr. Raphael Palma, President of the
island university.
The subject for the debate will be
that of unqualified and immediate in
dependence for the Philippine Islands.
The visitors will uphold the affirma
tive side of the question in a suc
cession of debates which will start
at Stanford and include meetings with
teams from California, University of
Southern California, Harvard, and
other Eastern and Middle-Western
universities.
"There is no question that the best
speaking talent of the Philippine in
stitution has been selected to carry
the cause of independence to the stu
dents of the mainland, nor that any
opportunity has been overlooked to
prepare all possible arguments in
support of the case," declared Profes
sor James G. Emerson, faculty debate
advisor. "American audiences will be
given the benefit of first-hand infor
mation on an important subject, and
they will have the unusual oppor
tunity of considering it from the
native point of view," he continued.
The Stanford team is composed of
Gordon Shallenberger, Fred Combel
lack, and Virgil Whitaker. All three
are experienced varsity debaters, and
the meet with the Philippine Univer
sity will probably be on a par with
the Oxford and Cambridge debate for
interest.
