# DR. JORDAN SPEAKS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
Dr. Jordan will hold his regular con
ference tonight at 7:30 o'clock at his
home on Serra street. The subject of
the lecture will be "Leland Stanford."
