# DAUGHTER OF JAPANESE EMPEROR DIES IN TOKIO
## 
### 
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
TOKIO, March B.—(U.P.) Princess
llisa, six-months-old daughter of the
Emperor, died early this morning
after an illness of several days.
Princess llisa Nomiya was Emperor
Hirohito's younger daughter. She be
came ill with influenza last week.
Later it developed into pneumonia.
The Emperor himself has been con
fined to his palace with a cold.
