# NEW CONSTITUTION PASSED BJ A.S.S.U., SPEERS DAILY EDITOR
## Staff of Newspaper Chooses Head for Coming Term By 57 to 10Â½ Vote QUAD BALLOTING LIGHT Revised Code Approved by Majority of Voters; Few Attend Polls 
### 
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
A new constitution for the Stanford
student body was ushered into exist
ence and Frederic \V. Speers was cho
sen editor of the Stanford Daily as
the result of two elections on the
campus yesterday. The proposition
providing for the constitution was
overwhelmingly passed by the Quad
by a score of 518 to 36. Speers was
elected by the Daily staff 57 to 10y 2 -
Majority Is Large
With a vote of nearly 15 to 1, the
student body showed their decided
approval of the body of rules which
were submitted to them, the revising
committee, which for the past six
months had been drafting the new
provisions, expressing their apprecia
tion of the favorable support given.
Out of the 518 voting in favor of the
change, 389 were men and 129 women.
Speers, who was elected editor over
Stephen F. O'Donnell, associate editor
and writer of the Bull Session, re
ceived twelve more than a two-thirds
majority of the votes cast.
The newly-elected editor is present
managing editor of the Daily and has
been engaged in every journalistic
enterprise on the campus. Registering
from Denver in 1924. he was one of
the three freshmen to be taken on the
Daily staff after his first week of en
rollment. At the end of his freshman
year he was promoted to the position
of night editor. During the past year
he was first sports editor and then
managing editor.
Among his other work in journalism,
Speers has served on the Illustrated
Review, as associate editor of the
Stanford Lit, as sports editor on the
Quad, and as circulation manager of
the Chaparral. He is a member of
Hammer and Coffin and is secretary of
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity.
During the past year he has taken
active interest in Junior Class affairs,
acting as secretary of the class and
as a member of the Junior Prom com
mittee. Speers is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
