# ENCINA, SEQUOIA, UNION
## 
### 
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
Men now living in Encina and
Sequoia or tlie Union who wish
to reserve their rooms for fall
quarter should call at the Dean
of Men's office Thursday or Fri
day, May 2(5 or 27, and pay de
posits.
