# President Wilbur Guest At New York Club Meeting
## 
### 
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
President Wilbur was the guest of
honor at the last meeting of the sea
son to be held by the Stanford Club
of New York City last Monday. It was
held in the Hotel Pennsylvania, and
was attended by alumni from New
York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
