# SIX BEAR TRACK MEN LEAVE FOR NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP MEET
## 
### 
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
BERKELEY, May 25.—Six U.C.
track men and Coach Walter Christie
left here recently for the 1.C.-4A.
championships in Philadelphia. The
men making the trip are Captain El
mer Gerken, weight man; Captain-
Elect Wilburn Talbot, quarter-miler;
Albert Stevens, two-miler; Alva Ra
gan, hurdler; Irving Phillips, weight
man; John Kabelitz, broad jumper.
Leslie Schwobeda, miler, has been
operated on for tonsilitis, and Elmer
Boyden, also a candidate, withdrew to
take civil service examinations.
Charles Giguiere, Russell Ewing, and
Homer Van Gelder, sprinters; Harry
Carter, one- and two-miler; and Foger
Segure, broad jumper, will probably
form a supplementary contingent to
be sent directly from Berkeley to Los
Angeles for the Pacific Intercollegi
ates.
