# DRY ROT OF SCIENCE SUBJECT FOR JORDAN WEEKLY CONFERENCE
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan spoke at his
conference last night on "The Dry Rot
of Modern Science." The name was
originated by Professor Wheeler of
Harvard, who applied it to the laws of
interest in zoology and botany, when
the student is not brought into direct
contact with animals and plans to find
out their structure and classification,
and, as classification represents lines
of evolution, their origin.
Dr. Jordan said that dry rot sets in
when facts are given in advance of
laboratory study, and when only the
results of the investigation made by
some other person are studied. The
chfef value of biological study is that
the student receives training through
contact, and not through advance in
formation.
