# EDUCATION CLUB WILL HEAR JORDAN SPEECH
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Jordan will speak to the Educa
tion Club, Monday, on Evolution. He
will give reasons why no other solu
tion of creation is possible, and dis
cuss the factors which are the causes.
It is the fact of evolution that is
important, rather than the theories
that are derived from it, according to
Dr. Jordan.
