# the bull session
## 
### 
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
IT SEEMS TO IV!E—
This story is told of a European
gentleman who recently visited the
United States. When a friend ques
tioned him as to his impression of
us, he epitomized, "You are a strange
people. For example, you drink alco
holic liquors because they are strong,
then you profane them with water.
You add lemon-juice to give them a
sour taste, but spoil it by adding
sugar, and finally, you declare, 'Here's
to you'—and drink it yourself."
Collectively, we are a paradoxical
nation. We vote "dry," and then drink
"wet." When crime and infamy are
aired in the public press, we decry
the fact, but the circulation managers
of the papers would have to take tip
brick-laying, or a kindred occupation,
if it weren't for the publication of
such news.
From platform and pulpit lascivious
plays and literature are flayed—but
still the producers and publishers
keep acquiring new cars and their
wives new coats. A trial in which an
important legal question is involved
is practically devoid of spectators or
interest, but if the breath of scandal
touches it, or any morbid aspect is
divulged, the police reserves are
called to control the crowds. Yet, this
same curious mob is the first to set
up a public howl when legal procedure
is slow or uncertain.
Good vaudeville artists haven't an
even break when they appear on the
same bill with our twentieth-century
"Cheenderella," "Peaches" Browning.
Even our naive little neighbor and ac
quaintances, "Sally" (NOT the one of
campus or of song fame), has re
ceived offers for public appearances,
at a luring figure, but hasn't accepted

any of them as yet.
The difficulty seems to lie in the
fact that as nation we have not tlio
strength of an old social background.
As a nation, we apparently lack the
taste and refinement that character
izes the older social orders that are
found abroad. An obvious difference
lies in the fact that Europe has over
a thousand years of this social hered
ity, while we seek solace in our scant
three hundred years of history.
We lionize those whose deeds —
creditable or otherwise —bring them
before the public eye, with but a
small degree of discrimination be
tween them. This may not be done
directly, but the same result is ob
tained by our rabid interest in them.
Contrast with that the European at
titude of ostracism that is shown
those who disregard their moral or
social obligations.
The first impulse is to lay the blame
for the situation, as it exists here,
on the press or the producers. Yet,
in the final analysis, they provide
only that which will yield them the
most income. Circulation and box
office receipts show a marked in
crease when salacious or morbid at
tractions are offered. We create the
demand —and it is filled —to the profit
of those who are only too glad to
oblige us, but at the cost of detrac
tion from our national pride and re
spect.
Refinement in taste is the result of
education and social background. It
will take time and development for
us to get to the point where we, as a
nation, will have a finer sense of dis
crimination between that which is to
be acclaimed and that which is to be
condemned by our collective opinion.
