# Skull and Snakes Will Hold Important Meeting In Men's Union Tonight
## 
### 
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
Skull and Snakes will hold an import
ant meeting in the Men's Union tonight
at 7 :30. The meeting has been called by
the president, C. J. Tauser, '20.
Election of new members will be held,
and matters of great importance to the
organization will be discussed. There
will be but one more meeting of the or
ganization this quarter, and President
Tauzer desires that all members be pres-
