# Belgian University Life Is Topic of French Club
## 
### 
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
"French and Belgian University Life
and Methods" will be the topic of a
meeting of the Ccrcle Francais at 8
o'clock this evening at the Sigma Kappa
House. Professor O. M. Johnston will
talk on the "University of Paris." Fran
ces Willis, '20, who has recently re
turned from a sojourn in Belgium, will
describe her experiences and impres
sions while in a Belgian University.'
