# FINAL EXAMINATIONS AT CALIFORNIA COME SOON
## 
### 
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
Berkeley, Cal., Nov. 17. —(P. I. N.
S.) —Final examination schedules are
now the chief source of interest on
the bulletin boards of the University
of California, as far as the work
weary students are concerned. Hard
luck will begin on December 7 and the
last sad rites will close on the 16th.
