# RADIO PHONE SENDS SONGS AND GREETINGS TO ALUMNI
## 
### 
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
University of
(P. I. N. S) —Washington alumni
throughout the northwest, will tonight
hear their old college songs and brief
greetings, from prominent members of
the faculty, through the Post Intelli
gencer's new radio-phone equipment.
This was accomplished to urge all
grads to return for Home-coming.
