# William Doherty, '05, Meets Death in Riot
## 
### 
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
A cablegram announcing the death, on
Sunday afternoon, of William Doherty.
'05, wa? received Monday by the Para
fine Companies, 34 First street, San
Francisco. Doherty, who was connected
with the India branch of the company,
was fatally wounded in a political riot
in Bombay, India.
