# "GAP" POWELL PICKED FOR ALL-STAR TEAM SELECTION
## 
### 
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis, Nov. 30—(P. I. N. S.)—The editor
of the "Football World" at Columbus,
Ohio, has written to "Jimmie" Rich
ardson, manager of student affairs,
asking for a picture of Captain George
Powell of the Aggies. "Gap" has been
picked as fullback for one of the
world's all-star American teams.
