# Corbett, Carroll, and Cary.
## 
### 
Besides Joe Corbett, who came
down with the Santa Clara team,
two other well-known athletes
were on the campus today, genial
"Tom" Carroll, the giant hammer
thrower, and Luther Cary, the
world-famed sprinter.
Cary was on the track today giv
ing the runners pointers. Carroll
had Fickert in hand. He is en
thusiastic over Charlie's general
work and will give him some
pointers on in inor matters, which
lie hopes will add feet to Kick
erfs throw. He say Fickert ought
to win the hammer throw in the
Field-day this year. Guiberson,
whom he considers Berkeley's best
man has in him the making of a
hammer-thrower, but it will prob
ably take him more than one year
to develop.
Besides Joe Corbett, who came
down with the Santa Clara team,
two other well-known athletes
were on the campus today, genial
"Tom" Carroll, the giant hammer
thrower, and Luther Cary, the
world-famed sprinter.
Cary was on the track today giv
ing the runners pointers. Carroll
had Fickert in hand. He is en
thusiastic over Charlie's general
work and will give him some
pointers on in inor matters, which
lie hopes will add feet to Kick
erfs throw. He say Fickert ought
to win the hammer throw in the
Field-day this year. Guiberson,
whom he considers Berkeley's best
man has in him the making of a
hammer-thrower, but it will prob
ably take him more than one year
to develop.
Besides Joe Corbett, who came
down with the Santa Clara team,
two other well-known athletes
were on the campus today, genial
"Tom" Carroll, the giant hammer
thrower, and Luther Cary, the
world-famed sprinter.
Cary was on the track today giv
ing the runners pointers. Carroll
had Fickert in hand. He is en
thusiastic over Charlie's general
work and will give him some
pointers on in inor matters, which
lie hopes will add feet to Kick
erfs throw. He say Fickert ought
to win the hammer throw in the
Field-day this year. Guiberson,
whom he considers Berkeley's best
man has in him the making of a
hammer-thrower, but it will prob
ably take him more than one year
to develop.
Besides Joe Corbett, who came
down with the Santa Clara team,
two other well-known athletes
were on the campus today, genial
"Tom" Carroll, the giant hammer
thrower, and Luther Cary, the
world-famed sprinter.
Cary was on the track today giv
ing the runners pointers. Carroll
had Fickert in hand. He is en
thusiastic over Charlie's general
work and will give him some
pointers on in inor matters, which
lie hopes will add feet to Kick
erfs throw. He say Fickert ought
to win the hammer throw in the
Field-day this year. Guiberson,
whom he considers Berkeley's best
man has in him the making of a
hammer-thrower, but it will prob
ably take him more than one year
to develop.
Besides Joe Corbett, who came
down with the Santa Clara team,
two other well-known athletes
were on the campus today, genial
"Tom" Carroll, the giant hammer
thrower, and Luther Cary, the
world-famed sprinter.
Cary was on the track today giv
ing the runners pointers. Carroll
had Fickert in hand. He is en
thusiastic over Charlie's general
work and will give him some
pointers on in inor matters, which
lie hopes will add feet to Kick
erfs throw. He say Fickert ought
to win the hammer throw in the
Field-day this year. Guiberson,
whom he considers Berkeley's best
man has in him the making of a
hammer-thrower, but it will prob
ably take him more than one year
to develop.
