# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Complaint has been made that'
the members of the At liletic Com
mittee do not show a proper appre
ciation of their duties, failing to lie
prompt and regular in attendance.
■Justice to the student body demands
careful attention to the dutiesofthe
oflice on the part of the members.
True, the Athletic Committee has
been curtailed of many of its im
portant functio s —the election of
football manager for instance. But
there are other iniportai t duties
which the committee should fulfill
—the supervision of athletic teams
and managers. A meeting has
been called for tomorrow by the
chairman for the consideration of
very vital matters, which should
receive the attention of every mem
ber of the committee.
