# Woman's Athletics.
## 
### 
The board of directors of the
Woman's Athletic Association met
yesterday afternoon in room 80
quad at 5 o'clock. Upon recom
mendation of Miss Shellev, money
was appropriated for the leveling
of the basket-ball field and the
making of a track. Twenty-five
dollars was appropriated for the
purchase of tennis racquets and
balls and the repairing of the
courts.
In the absence of Miss Stebbins,
Miss Edwards was elected tem
porary basket-ball manager. The
following track committee was ap
pointed: Helen Swell, chairman,
Maud March, Georgia Caswell.
Miss lloee was elected to fill the
vacancy in the tennis committee
caused by the absence of Miss
Davis, '01.
