# STANFORD BAND WILL PLAY AT COMING SENIOR PROM.
## 
### 
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
The completion of preparations for
the Senior Prom, brings that function
so near that it is time for programs
to be made.
All effort is being directed by the
committee to make the 1913 Prom, the
the most enjoyable event of Senior
Week. A new feature this year is to
be that the band will play for the
promenaders. The promenade itself
will not take up all the evening on
the Memorial Court.
Six booths have been planned to
provide refreshments. In addition to
sorority booths the alumni have al
ready secured a concession.
