# PHI ALPHA DELTA ELECTS THREE
## 
### 
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
Phi Alpha Delta, legal fraternity,
announces the initiation of the fol
lowing men last week: L. C. Jones,
sp., V. -M. Brydolf, M !. and R. Mac
kall, sp.
