# Two Instructors Added To School of Medicine
## 
### 
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
Dr. Peter Harrison Luttrell and Dr.
James A. Cutting have been appointed
clinical instructors on the staff of the
Stanford University School of Medicine
in San Francisco. Dr. Luttrell was grad
uated from Cooper Medical College in
1908. His work will be in connection
with the gastro-intestinal clinic of the
Stanford University medical work. Dr.
Cutting, who is connected with the Ag
new State Hospital, will lecture on psy
chiatry. He was graduated from Stan-,
ford in 1906 and received the M. D. de
gree from Cooper Medical College in
1911.
