# ALL NORTHWEST HAS DELEGATES AT PRESS MEET
## Stanford Representatives at College Convention Return To Alter Exchange Service 
### 
Twenty-three delegates, representing
thirteen colleges, attended the annual
convention of the Pacific Intercollegiate
Press Association held at Seattle, Wash.,
from Thursday till Saturday last week.
Harry J. Borba, '22, and Tom Irwin, '23,
Stanford delegates, returned from the
North with the football squad last night,
and today reported favorably on the
meeting of coast college editors.
Amendments to the constitution and
reorganization of the exchange news
service are expected to make the Asso
ciation more useful in general, and to
facilitate the arrangement of news in
each of the corresponding papers.
Radio service is to be used in institu
tions where equipment is available, and
regular telegraph service will be em
ployed wherever practicable. Cut and
photograph service was encouraged at
the recommendation of an investigating
committee.
Feature stories, emphasized as being
especially desirable, will in* the future
play a large part in the exchange service
and will be written by the best available
talent on the various college publication
staffs. The majority of ordinary news
will hereafter be sent out in the form of
bulletins as best suited to the demands
of most publications.
Problems common to most college
newspapers were discussed in round
table sessions all day Friday, following
speeches by Seattle business men and
journalists at a banquet given in honor
of the delegates Thursday night. Re
vision of the constitution and reorgani
dation of the news service preceded the
election of officers Saturday morning.
Berekely, with the University of Cali
fornia as host, was selected for the 1922
