# University Jolly-up Postponed.
## 
### 
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
Because of oddlliotin? dates and the
fart that the Interscholastic athlot.es
ar? guests on the campus, the Univer
p!tv Jfjlly-u]) lias been postpone:! to
a later date. The Committee in charge
wi'l choose the date for the affair
within a few days, and their complete
plans will 1 p announced at that time.
