# SURGICAL DRESSINGS
## 
### 
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
There were 1,120 surgical dressings
made today in the Red Cross surgi
cal dressing room located on the
third Hoor of Women's Clubhouse.
