# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.

THESE SOLDIERS taking the volleyball away from their hostesses are some of the STAR unit which wandered
up the Row last Sunday to drop in at the open h »uses. In cooler spots less ambitious groups played
bridge and ping pong. Campm women are finding many friends among the STAR visitors and Sunday night
open houses may not be a lost cause after all.
