# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
Th« Daily welcomes opinion*, letter* and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarify.
