# Professor Writes Atlas of Anatomy
## 
### 
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
Dr. David L. Eassett, associate
professor of anatomy, is the author
of a photographic atlas of the hu
man anatomy. The stereoscopic
color photographs are by William
B. Gruber, chief research engineer
for Sawyers, Inc., the publisher.
Dr. Bassett will demonstrate the
new educational tool at the annual
California Medical Association meet
ing in Los Angeles, which starts
April 27.
The three-dimensional quality is
obtained by viewing the color pho
to through a modern stereoscope or
by projecting it on a large screen
and viewing it with polaroid
glasses.
Few doctors have had the oppor
tunity to observe the human anat
omy so clearly, even in the dissec
tion laboratories of the best medical
schools.
