# Excom Agenda
## 
### 
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
Following is the agenda for to
night's ASSU Excom meeting at 7:30
in the Excom room:
Roll
Minutes
Dates
Student Manager's Report
Constitutions up for approval: In
terfaith Council, Graduate Students'
Association, Hammer and Cofiin So
ciety.
