# U. OF W. MEN PLEDGED TO RESIST CHARMS OF CO-EDS
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN—An
organization of male students is about
to be formed at the university of
males who pledge themselves not to
marry college women. It will be known
as the "Society for the Welfare of
Male Students." "The organization is
intended primarily to influence men in
the University against chasing a wo
man student for a wife;" the reason
stated is that such marriages are apt
to result in divorces or unhappy home
relations.
