# "OLD TIMER'S DAY" HELD BY DARTMOUTH SENIORS
## 
### 
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
"Old-Timer's Day" was celebrated by
the seniors at Dartmouth College last
week with no previous warning, the
movement originating at a senior
smoker the night before, when "old
timer" outfits were required for admis
sion. The general idea of the celebra
tion was very similar to Stanford's
"Rough's Day."
