# Civil Service Announces Competitive Examinations
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for chemical and physi
cal laboratorian on March 21 and 22.
Vacancies in the Federal classified ser
vice throughout the United States, in
cluding the Departmental Service, Wash
ington, D. C, at $1,200 to $1,500 a year
plus the bonus will be filled from this
examination.
The entrance salary within the range
stated and the work assigned will depend
upon the qualifications of the appointee
as shown in the examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, both men and
women, may enter the examination. The
duties of the appointees are to assist in
physical and chemical laboratories, pre
pare solutions, set up chemical and physi
cal apparatus, make repairs, and conduct
experimental work.
