# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
L
<
'TO
i Y\ v S
More
Couples
cam* to
Carlyle Jevcelert
lor th«»r
Diamond Rings
Because: They hivi
shopped and compared rbi
have found that Carlyle'a
prices are never higher —
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
433 Bryant Street
Downtown Pale Alto
Shop Thurtdvv night 'hi 0
