# Quote of the Day
## 
### 
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
"I promised the local
(campaign) group Terra
would be clean. There was
some concern, it being a co
op and all."
— Stanford for Brown club
member Rafe Sagarin, a
sophomore who lives in
Terra, on preparations to
clean up the "raunchy"
house in time for a Satur
day lunch date with presi
dential candidate and for
mer California Gov. Jerry
Brown. See story, front
page.
