# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
Oh, for a
Home-Cooked Meal!
Here, in this charming rendez
vous for epicures, you will en
joy a delicious home-cooked
meal.
KOPPER KETTLE
537 Bryant St.
(Bet. Univ. & Ham. Aves.)
"Exclusive —but not expensive"
