# APPROVE MUD FIGHT
## 
### 
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
The mud fight is a good thing and
should not be abolished. This was de
cided last night by the Freshman Y. M.
C. A. Council in its discussion of Stan
ford traditions. Robert A. Hefner, of
the Y, M. C. A. cabinet, was chairman
of the evening. Officers for the year
will be elected at the next meeting
of the Council which will be held at
6:30 next Tuesday evening in the "Y"
building.
