# Nightshirts Official Garb In Freshman Pajamarino
## 
### 
Pink pajamas, purple pantaloons,
and nightshirts were the freshman
badges last night, when the annual
Pajamarino took place. Led by Bob
Eraser, assistant yell leader, who was
in charge of the parade, the class of
'29 turni d out en masse for the march
on Roble hall and the Row.
Yells were given in fifont of Roble
for the Five Hundred, for Stanford,
and for the football team. Then the
marchers went up the Row to the Phi
Kappa Sigma house, where they re
ceived some doughnuts and gave a yell
for their hosts. The Delta Upsilons
passed out apples, and also received a
yell of appreciation. After marching
to the Union, where more yells and
songs were given, the paraders dis
banded.
