# Encina Formal
## 
### 
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
Featuring the music of Spike
Lynch's band and a theme of "Mem
ories," Encina Hall's autumn formal
will 'be held tomorrow from 5) p.m.
until 1 a.m. All-Encina talent will
provide the intermission entertain
ment.
