# Residence Refund Cards Available
## 
### 
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
Students not returning to a Uni
versity residence lor winter quarter
may obtain yellow cards lroin their
present residence any time before
Monday.
All cards must be returned to the
resident director, housemother, or
resident assistant not later than 5
p.m. Monday, the director of hous
ing announced.
These cards include a refund re
quest lor the $25 deposit made upon
entering Stanford. No requests will
be "ranted for Dec. 15.
