# KAPPA SIGMA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
Officers for Kappa Sigma were
recently elected with Brad Blaine
heading the slate as president and
Earl Schmitt. as vice-president.
Also elected wore: Ed Taylor,
grand master of ceremonies; Pete
Lyon, secretary; John Mauldin,
treasurer; and Marv Tennefoss,
rushing chairman.
