# FROSH RAID KZSU
## 
### 
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
Fight members of the class of '55
i aided K/.SU Monday night and
substituted a warning to the class
of '54 for the radio show in prog
ress.
Attired in heavy overcoats, masks,
and low-brimmed hats, the frosh
overpowered the station engineer,
grabbed a mike, and began ha
ranguing the sophomores. The raid
occurred at t):30.
