# Hearing to Void Clubs Continued
## 
### 
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
Hearings will continue today for
approximately 30 semi-defunct or
ganizations, members of which can
show cause why the organization;
should not be declared void.
Hearings will take place in tho
Excom room from 8 to 10 a.m. Bar
ry Jackson and Joan Hammond, co
chaiimen of Excom's constitution
oemmittee, will preside.
