# Co-Rec Seeks Publicity Head
## 
### 
Co-Pec executive board will hold
interviews for a publicity chairman,
a treasurer and a social chairman
from 3-5 today in F?ooni 15 of the
Union.
Treasurer and social chairman are
new offices just, created by the ex
ecutive board 'I he ocial < luurman
will work on all campus functions.
Co-Roc ha:. ,ju: t added a gymnas
tics club and is in the process of
adding a camera club. This would
bring the number of rlul . to 13. The
memb'Ts are: Alpine, Ski, Pifle and
Pistol, Hoedownei , Cave C*llll >, Vil
lage Folk Dane", Polo, Tennis Music
I,i.teniug, Dance Club, and Hot Ja;:z
Society.
Co-Pec i . an ASM J organization
which provide entÂ« H'unment and
hobbies and [ul ; on all campus
events in the form of recreation.
Present officers are Fred Che/, pres
ident; Li/ Krieger, secretary; and
Nancy Irwin.
