# Grapplers
## Ogelsby Leads With Three Pins 
### DICK MALTZMAN 
Stanford's steadily improving var
sity wrestlers came through in good
fashion over the weekend as they
nabbed third place in the six-way
meet held at San Jose Stale. The
actual winner of the tournament
wasn't decided until the last match
between Washington State and San
Jose, which the Spartans finally
won, 20 to 16.
Hie round robin was held as a
series of five/dual meets, each club
lacing three teams Saturday night
and two on Monday. On Saturday,
Stanford met and defeated Cal Poly
an J Santa Clara while dropping one
to San Jose, the ultimate victors.
In the fir: t meet on Monday night,
the Cards met Washington State,
second in the meet and co-Pacific
Coast champ with California last
year. The Cougars were just too
much for the overworked Indians,
and they completely swept the only
four matches held.
Phil Wilson and Jack Ogelsby,
wrestling in the heavyweight and
177-lb. classes respectively, practi
cally pinned themselves due to the
tricky Olympic rules in effect this
year. Under present regulations, if
a wrestler's back touches the mat
it is considered a pin.
Pat Madden, phenomenal fresh
man wrestler, lost his second match
of the season as he was pinned by
Washington State's terrific IG7-
pounder. Ken James . was also

pinned in the 157 - lb. class, and
there were no matches in the lighter
weights.
Stanford bounced back in the
final match against San Francisco
State to hand the Gators a 19 to 3
setback. Jack Ogelsby and Pat
Madden led the parade as each
pinned his man in tough matches.
Phil Wilson came through with a
good performance in the heavy
weight class to outpoint his oppo
nent, and Ken James and George
Russell also took decisions. S.F.'s
lone win came in the 147-lb. class
where Owen, subbing for Bob Jes
sen who injured his neck last week,
was victim of a close decision.
Scoring five points for a pin and
three for a decision, veteran Jack
Ogelsby was high point man for the
Indians over the weekend with
three pins or 15 points. He was
followed closely by Madden with
13, Wilson with 11, and newcomer
Owens with 10. James and Russell
each netted eight points.


PIIIL WII.SON
â€”Won three, lost two
