# Negotiators Meet
## 
### 
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
TOKYO, Wednesday, Feb. (> —
Communr.it truce negotiators today
called for a political con
ference within three months after
the Korean armistice to write a
permanent settlement of the Korean
situation.
North Korean Lt. Gen. Nam II
presented a vaguely worded three
point pro ;ram in Panmunjom today
at the first full-dress truce nego
tiating session to be held since
Dec. 4.
