# Got something on your mind?
## Say it 13,500 times 
### 
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
Submit a letter to either be
handed in on a disk in Macintosh
Word 5.x or sent via e-mail to let
ters(g,daily.stanford.edu. Letters
should include your name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation
(if any).
