# INTERMISSION
## Ihe Stanford Daily's Entertainment Weekly 
### 
November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

November 30,
1995
Inside: A profile on
actor Gabriel Byrne, a
look at some American
modern art, a dose of
good Danish readin',
loads of music and
movie reviews and a
whole lot more.

