# Adv. 6 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
Sophia means wis
dom, and you
exercise wisdom
when you pop info
R A for your new
sporting jackets.
In fact, you're smart
for here's the greatest
selection of the
neatest coats in
town. All the
muted plaids in all
the new colors are
here for you to gaze
upon and put on.
Priced from 39.50.
roos/atkins
