# Daily Sports
## SAE Tops Mural Grid Ratings Second Week 
### JIM TORRE 
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
SAE (4-0) remains atop the in
tramural grid standings as the
University Playoffs begin tomor
row. The unit needs a final victory
to clinch the fraternity title.
Phi Kap (3-1), impressive in
earlier contests, stepped into sec
ond position, dropping SRAC (6-0)
to third with the Phi Delts in
fourth.
Making a late bid to regain su
premacy, Law I defeated Beta Biz,
14-12, advancing the graduates
just two notches to fifth.
Theta Xi (4-1) slipped to the
sixth slot as they were upset by
KA. KA grabbed advantage of this
victory to steal eighth position
from the Phi Sigs in ninth. Beta
Biz closes the top ten selections.
Capitan (6-0) leads the eating
clubs; Junipero (5-1) and Rincon
ada (5-1) share Wilbur honors,
while Serra (6-0) is the top Stern
squad. ATO rates as the most im
proved mural team.
LEAGUE ONE
Team W L
SAE 1 4 0
Phi Kap 1 3 1
Beta 3 2
Kappa Sig 2 2
Alpha Dell 1 4
Delta Chi 0 5
LEAGUE TWO
Theta Chi I 6 0
DU I 3 1
Delt I 3 2
Fiji 1 2 2
Deke () 5
AKL 1 4

LEAGUE THREE
Team W L
Theta Xi 4 1
Zete I 2 2
KA I 3 2
ATO I 2 2
Theta licit 1 3
Phi Psi 0 4
LEAGUE FOUR
Phi licit I 3 0
Phi Sits 4 I
SifSma N T u 3 2
Chi Psi 2 3
Alpha Sits 1 4
Sigma Chi 0 5
LEAGUE FIVE
Junipers) 5 1
Rmconada 5 1
Soto 4 2
Otero 4 3
Arroyo 3 4
Madera 3 4
Ceslro 2 4
Trances 0 7
LEAGUE SIX
Capitan 6 0
Areos 5 2
Breakers 2 3
Campo 2 4
Csiadro 2 4
Tigre 2 4
Tors) 2 4
LEAGUE SEVEN
Scrra I 6 0
-Rnrhank —- - 1
Larkin 5 I
Muir 4 2
Fremont 3 4
Hollssday 3 4
Lassen 0 6
LEAGUE EIGHT
SRAC 6 0
Law I 5 1
Beta Biz 3 2
Village 3 2
Crs) Mon 2 4
Bar Flies 1 3
Alpha Biz 0 5
