# Noon Musicale To Star Pianist
## 
### 
Anne Schuller, graduate of the
-Amsterdam Music Lyceum-in the
Netherlands, will be the featured
performer in the Sigma Alpha
lota “Noon Musicale” today at
12:15.
Miss Schuller, a, pianist, will
play Bach. Organ Prelude in G
minor, and Gigue from French
Suite No. 5, G major; Brahms, Ca
priccio in F sharp minor, Op. 76
no. 1, Intermezzo in B flat minor
Op. 117, no. 2, Capriccio in C ma
jor, Op. 76, no. 8, Capriccio in G mi
nor. Op. 116, no. 3; Debussy, Pre
hide from the Suite “Pour le Pi
ano”; and Chopin, Ballade in A
flat major, no. 3.
Miss Schuller lias studied with
the Russian pianist Madame La
zareff and the Polish pianist Mar
yan Filar. Along with Hungarian
conductor Charles Goetz-Gabor,
she founded and coached the Vox
Humana Chorale.
The concert in Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall will include string
quartet Doris Olsen, Birgitte Moy
er, Barbara Glagett and Bridger
Mitchell in a performance of the
first movement of the Schubert
Quartet in D minor, “Death and
the Maiden.”
