# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
General ."Mills, Inc.: Engineer
ing, chemistry, accounting.
Humble Oil & Refining < <».: All
levels EE, ME, lE, chemE, engi
neering mechanics, engineering
science, metallurgy, petroleum,
physics. Advanced degree—chem
istry, physics.
Los Alamos Scientific Lab, Uni
versity of California: Physics—
8.5., M.S. or Ph.D. Engineering—
8.5., M.S. Ma i h, inorganic or
physical chemistry. Metallurgy
and applied mechanics Ph.D.
Northrop Aircraft, Inc.: EE,
ME, CE. aeroE, engineering me
chanics, physics, math, engineer
ing physics.
Westing house Electric Corp.:
M.B.A.'s appliance sales and ad
ministration. B. A.. B. S., M. A..
M.S.. Ph.D. EE, ME. lE, chemE,
engineering mechanics, engineer
ing science, chemistry, metallur
gy, physics. Location: U. S. and
Hawaii.
