# HOOVER MAY RESCIND WAR VETERAN ORDER
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
WASHINGTON, Oct. G (£»).—'The
National Civil Service Reform
League today urged President
Hoover to resign or modify the exe
cutive order granting war veterans
preference for federal positions
which was issued by President
Coolidge shortly before he left of
fice.
