# BROTHERS ME
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6 (/PL —'Two
pioneer California brothers, Robert
A. Condee, 55, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Agriculture,
and Charles H. Condee, 74, veteran
title and abstract expert, are dead
today, both the victims of heart at
tacks occurring within the space of
a few hours.
