# VANDERBILT DEFEATS MINNESOTA GOPHERS, 33-7
## 
### 

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.

Vanderbill. one of the leading contenders in the Southern Conference, invaded the Big Ten last Saturda.N
land whipped the Gophers. Brockmeyer, Minnesota Captain, and Riebeth. aee of the Minneapolis halfbacks,
i will play against the Cards on October 11.
