# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
COULDN'T STOP
running long enough to
write an ad after yester
day's paper came out. . .
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
