# Instructors Will Give Talk on FDR
## 
### 
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
A round-table discussion of "The
Era of F. D. Roosevelt,'' with spe
cial emphasis on the period prior to
Pearl Harbor, will be presented to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house. The program is being pre
sented under the auspices of Phi
Alpha Theta, honorary historical
fraternity.
Participating in the discussion
will be Delber MeKee and Hugh
Beatty, graduate students on the
staff of the History Department;
Clarence Macintosh, Western Civ
instructor; and James Ragland,
MeKee will speak on the basis of
an evaluation of the New Deal;
Beatty on individuals under Roose
velt; Macintosh will discuss Roose
velt's political personality; and
Hagland his foreign policy leading
to the outbreak of World War 11.
