# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We wish to publish a complete
lint of those faculty "at homes"
which are held at regular times, and
we ask all who have such regular
times for entertaining tneir friends
to send us some time this week a
notice to that effect, giving the
evening and hours which they re
ceive. A distinctive feature of our
college life at Stanford, and one
which attracts the attention of all
visitors from other colleges, is the
relation existing between the fac
ulty and the students. President
Jordan, in his annual talks to fresh
men, always emphasizes this. Last
year he even said that he who does
not, some time during his college
course, come to know some member
of the teaching force of the Uni
versity intimately, has missed one
of the best features of the life at
Stanford. Those who have taken
advantage of the opportunities of
fered f<Â»r becoming acquainted with
members of the faculty will, we

think, bear President Jordan out
in this. At any rate, we do know
that there is seldom a student who
graduates from the University hut,
on looking hack over his course to
see the things left undone which
might better have been done, re
grets that he has not entered oftener
into faculty homes.
