# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
U W// • *
* Y\ n <>
More
Couples
com# +o
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared aiid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
prlccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til 9
