# County Entomological Society to Meet
## 
### 
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
The twelfth regular meeting of the
Santa Clara County Entomological
Society will be helc next Saturday
evening, at the residence of K. R.
Coolidge, '12, 660 Waverly street,
Palo Alto, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a number of interest
ing speakers, including Dr. Harold
Heath, Associate Professor of Zo
ology,- who will speak on the Termiti
dae, and Instructor R. W. Doane, who
will speak of his recent trip to Tahiti,
where he was sent to investigate the
coccidae of the cocoanut-trees. It is
also hoped that Earl Morris, the
County Entomologist, will deliver an
address.
This is the first meeting of the club
this semester and a large number are
expected to attend. All interested are
cordially invited by (he club to be
present.
