# Oh, Guard!
## 
### 

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.

Scenes like the ones pictured above
confronted Vice-President Humph
rey's Secret Service guards during
his visit to campus yesterday The
Secret Service and local police re
mained unflustered.
