# Students To Buy Quads Now
## 
### 
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
Sales of the 1950 Quad are booming,
according to Dave Elliott, the year
book's business manager. Students
are again urged to order their Quads
early, as only a limited number is
being printed.
Price of the regular Quad is $H. 50,
or $7 for a copy with the owner's
name on the cover.
