# Reds Mass for Attack
## 
### 
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
TAIPFJ, Formosa—An official Na
tionalist. source reported today that
the Chinese Reds have massed more
than 5,000 motor-powered junks and
other small craft for an invasion of
Hainan Island.
The vessels arc intended to trans
port 100,000 to 200,000 Red regulars
to the big Nationalist island ten
miles off China's south coast, said
Gen. Hsia Yu-tsai, director of the
Tapei office of the Hainan defense
command.
