# Basketball Tickets Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
Student basketball tickets for
the Stanford-Olympic Club game
in the Pavilion on Wednesday and
the Stanford-St. Mary's game at
the Cow Palace on Friday will go
on sale at the SAC at 8:30 this
morning.
Olympic Club tickets are free,
but must be obtained in advance
as (hey will not be available on
the night of the game. Student
tickets for the St. Mary's game
will cost sft cents. Student body
cards must be presented for tick
ets to cither game.
