# SWIMMERS TO MEET
## 
### 
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
Swim Club will meet tonight at
7:150 for the Quad picture. Bring
suits and 50 cents for the Quad
page, New swim suits will be dis—
playW.
