# Off-Campus Croup Plans Get-together
## 
### 
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
Plans for a Foreign Student—Off-
Campus Women exchange were
Completed at the OfT-Campus Or
ganization's luncheon Wednesday in
the Women's Clubhouse. The get
together will be held February 10
in the home of Judy McDanieJ.
March 3 was selected as the date
for a closed informal dance spon
sored by the group.
Luncheon chairmen were Jackie
Johnson and Theron Brown.
