# Jackson to speak tomorrow
## 
### 
Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

Presidential candidate
Jesse Jackson will speak in
White Plaza at noon tomor
row. Those registered for
this weekend's statewide
student conference, "Educa
tion: Taking Action for Our
Future" ($5 with lunch, $2
without), will have reserved
seating. But anyone may lis
ten free of charge.

