# DEBATING TROPHY GRANTED.
## Cup Voted by Executive Committee Soon to be Selected by Intersociety League. 
### 
The executive committee of the
Intersocietv Debating League met
this afternoon in room 11 to con
sider the purchase of a suitable
cup to be contested for by the de
bating league of Southern Califor
nia high schools. This proposition
first came before the committee
several weeks ago, and was referred
to the Executive Committee of the
Associated Students, who at their
last meeting voted the cup. A
committee consisting of P. D.
Swing, '05, and A. Sherriffa, '05,
will cooperate with R. \V. Barrett,
student body treasurer, for the pur
chase of the cup. The trophy will
be similar to the one now contested
for by the high schools of Central
California, and will be suitably en
graved. The trophy will be con
tested for by the sixteen high
schools of Los Angeles county which
compose the league. The team
winning the first try-out will se
cure the possession of the cup, but
must defend it against the winner
of next year's try-out. The school
first winning the cup three times
will secure permanent possession.
The final contest each year will
probably be held at Stanford.
