# Dr. Goebel Will Speak.
## 
### 
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
A meeting of the University
Philological Association will he
held in room 31 on Thursday, No
vember 3d, at 2:30. The principal
paper will he read by Professor
Julius Goebel of the German de
partment. His subject will be
'-Neo-platonic Influences in Faust."
