# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the question of raising their
class debt the Juniors have some
thing more to consider than merely
themselves. Upon their doing so
rests the question of whether the
precedent set last year of an an
nual Junior Day is to he followed
or not. For several years such a
college holiday had been the sub
ject of much agitation and expres
sion of sentiment upon the part of
successive Junior classes. The Class
of 1900 finally accomplished it, and
thought that in doing so they had
won the battle for their successors.
If the present Juniors allow the
custom thus inaugurated to lapse
through their own carelessness, they
will not only lose by it themselves,
but they will receive a well-merited
condemnation from all their fellow
classes.
