# THE 						LIBRARY IN USE.
## With Student Assistance the New Building- Soon Occupied. 
### 
The library was this morning
moved into the newly dedicated
building, and was opened for work
again this afternoon. In accord
ance with the request of Mr. Ba
bine, many of the professors kindly
dismissed their classes, whose mem
bers assisted in moving the books.
Librarian Babine planned the work,
which progressed without a hitch,
it occupying but one hour and a
quarter to move the working library.
By noon the only remaining books
were some in the Hopkins railway
library. The new building is in
tended to hold all the books used
by students and investigators at
the University, with the exception
of the Law library. The reference
books have a separate room, which
was in use this afternoon. The
cataloging room will, of course, be
closed to students. The libraries
of the different departments will
soon be moved into the various
seminary rooms, and will generally
be open only to investigators and
advanced students in the depart
ment.
The History room is farther along
than any ot the others, but it will
be some time before even it can be
ready for use. In the front room,
by the right-hand entrance, is to
be placed the Hopkins railway li
brary. In the balcony on the sec
ond floor are to be placed, ulti
mately, the periodicals.
The library numbers about 47,000
volumes, and some 5,000 pamphlets.
This does not include, however, the
Hildebrand library, nor those be
longing to the various departments.
