# OPERA COMMITTEE NAMED
## Junior President Appoints Seven to Take Charge of Annual Musical Event 
### 
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
A committee of the following seven
juniors has been appointed by H. H.
Dievendorff, president of the 1917
class, to take charge of the junior
opera: Miss Esther Liversidge, Miss
Margaret Evans, Miss Laura Wilkie,
L. W. McDermott, F. K. Murray, J. D.
McLachlan, and W. A. Lynn, chair
man.
This committee will have charge of
all manuscripts submitted, and those
who have written operas may give
them to the chairman at any time.
