# Pomeroy To Address Geologists.
## 
### 
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
The next meeting of the Geology
Society will he held Wednesday even
ing at the home of B. K. Soper, 'OS,
•>O5 Lytton avenue, I'alo Alto. The
speaker of the evening will be Mr.
Will Ponieroy, who will give a talk
on "Mining in Australia." Mr. I'oni
eroy's experience in mining is ex
tensive, having heen gathered in Aus
tialia, India and the United States.
