# WUS Film On African Education To Show Student Aid Program
## 
### 
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
“Come Back Africa,” a 90-min
ute film presented by the World
University Service, will be shown
Wednesday at Cubberley Auditori
um at 4:15 p.m. Filmed in Johan
nesburg, the film records the lack
of job opportunities for natives
produced by the Union of South
African government’s policy of
denying higher education to na
tives.

In response to this educational
deprivation, SACHED. a program
to prepare selected native stu
dents for University of London
degree's, has been set up by a
group of distinguished South Afri
cans, including Rev. Bishop
Reeves of Johannesburg and Alan
Paton, author of “Cry the Be
loved Country” and “Hope for
South Africa.” Presently limited
by expense, the program has al
ready demonstrated its effective
potential.
The World University Service is
presenting the film in conjunc
tion with its work with the South
African Committee for Higher
Education.
