# Baseball Washed Out
## 
### 
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
The baseball game between
Stanford and the Minor League
All-Stars to have been played yes
terday was rained out. Stanford
is scheduled today to play San
Francisco State at the Sunken
Diamond. Game time is 3 p.m.,
weather permitting.
