# Baseball.
## 
### 
On account of the rain last night
there were only about a dozen of
the more earnest .baseball men out
for work on the already condemned
diamond. Coach Swindells put his
squad through some vigorous in
field practice in picking up ground
ers and throwing to first base, and
general average of the playing was
excellent when the earlinees of the
season is considered. The coach
himself handled the bat, and
Knight, who always works hard,
was put to catching throws to the
home plate. Lowenthal was tried
at the first base to see how he
would handle the position. There
was little lining up of the other
men in positions, and they were
mostly spread out in the field.
Roosevelt on third showed what is
already Varsity form; he handles
the ball well, and has a good arm.
Fred Brown, nearer the center of
the infield, proved himself as of
old a good man who is quick and
sure. One of the best catchers out
ho far is Freshman Blake, who is
steady in his catches and strong in
throws to bases. Parker warmed
up a little, and even now gives
indication of his old Varsity form.
