# Brother of Morrow, '01, Murdered.
## 
### 
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
James Morrow, brother of \V. C.
Morrow, '01, member of last year's
intercollegiate team, was murdered
in Portland Wednesday night, lie
had left the home of his fiancee,
Miss Lilah Illidge, at 11:45 and
started to walk to his own home,
after having missed the last car.
At 12:30 the report of a pistol was
heard in the neighborhood of Mor
row's house, but nothing was known
of the tragedy until a milkman
found his body lying on an east
side street at 4:30 in the morning.
He is thought to have been the
victim of highwaymen. He was
twenty-one years old.
