# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
Stanford is this year laying the
foundation for the development of
strong track teams and of| in
dividual record-breakers. The re
sponse to a call for entries in the
handicap field-day tomorrow shows
that interest is aroused in this
branch of our athletics which will
bring permanent results. Fall
training has never before been suc
cessful here. Now, however, with
one of the experienced and
competent trainer, in the country
to direct our men, with a stringent
observance of training rules, and
with a united determination to
bring out our material, the outlook
is the most promising of our his
tory.
