# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Mary Pam Henshaw, '50,
to Bob Leefeldt, Fiji, '49.
