# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
TAYLOR GAINS LEAD
Jim Taylor of the Green Bay
Packers gained 125 yards against
the Chicago Bears last Sunday to
open a 255-yard lead over his
closest rushing rival, John Henry
Johnson of the Pittsburgh Steel
ers.
