# Adv. 51 Page 6
## 
### 
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
VITALIS® KEEPS YOUR HAIR NEAT ALL DAY WITHOUT GREASE!
Greatest discovery since the comb! Vitalis with V-7®, the
greaseless grooming discovery. Keeps your hair neat all day
without grease-and prevents dryness, too. Try Vitalis today.
