# Barn Dance Set For Friday Night
## 
### 
Jeans and bright shirts for the
boys and gingham and cotton
dresses for the girls will be the
dress for the all - campus Barn
Dance at Mangini's Barn this Fri
day from 9 to 1. Spike Lynch's 14-
band will provide the music.
The band will play everything from
the fox trot to the Virginia reel.
This will be the first time Spike
Lynch's band has played at Stan
ford.
Tickets for this stag dance will
be 50 cents per person and will be
sold at the door as well as at the
Cellar Thursday and Friday after
noons.
Trucks will leave Lagunita Court
at 3 and 9:30 on Friday and will re
turn at 11:30 and 12:45. Refresh
ments will be served at the dance.
For those who want a little some
thing more, Mangini's will be open.
