# Untitled Article
## 
### 
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
| A. E. Roth, '09, refereed a Rugby
game at Porterville on Saturday be
tween the High Schools of Porterville
and Visalia, in the San Joaquin Val
ey League.
