# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Devora (Dolly) Con
stanten, '52, to Les Turner, '51.
