# Tulare Terror on Varsity
## 
### 

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.

808 MATHIAS, national and Olympic decathlon title holder and
standout on last year's frosh thinclad has abandoned his
decathlon efforts for the year, and he is going to concentrate on
shot put, discus, and high hurdles. The Tulare flash holds the
Farm freshman records in each of these events.
