# Vets' Credit Cards Void After Saturday
## 
### 
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
Saturday is the last day for use
of fall quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, it was pointed out
yesterday by Dean of Students
Donald Winbigler.
