# BAND PRACTICE
## 
### 
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
The Stanford Band will meet at
4:15 p.m. today in the band house
to practice the new stunts for the
Washington game. Another rehear
sal is scheduled for Saturday morn
ing at 10.
