# Quake hits
## 
### 
By Eric Younjj
Senior staff writer
With wire reports
A moderate earthquake at
9:08 p.m. last night shook a
wide area of Northern Cal
ifornia, including Stanford,
but there were no immediate
reports of major damages or
injuries.
The U.S. Geological Sur
vey in Menlo Park reported
a preliminary magnitude of
4.5 on the Richter scale with
an epicenter 11 miles north
east of San Jose on the
Calaveras Fault.
While many out of state
students were impressed by
the quake, Californian stu
dents were not so shaken.
Sophomore Cindy Woo, from
Georgia felt the quake from
the third floor of East
House. "It was my first but
it wasn't scary because it
didn't seem that strong,"
she said.
