# Prop. 103 passes
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A
large insurance company filed
a lawsuit yesterday and threat
ened to abandon the California
market after voters narrowly
approved a measure sharply
cutting the cost of auto insur
ance.
In New York, stocks of
several companies handling
large amounts of insurance in
California dropped in early
trading with the news that the
Ralph Nader-backed initiative
had passed.
Proposition 103 passed by
51.1 percent yes votes to 48.9
percent against.
The four other insurance
related measures that were
defeated included the indus

try's no-fault insurance pro
posal, Proposition 104, and the
insurers' companion measure,
Proposition 106, which would
have cut fees charged by trial
lawyers representing people
suing insurers.
The approval of the initiative
was a heavy blow to the insur
ance industry, which spent at
least $60 million backing its
own measures and battling the
Nader initiative and another
rate-cutting proposal by con
sumers and trial lawyers.
Under the proposition, in
surers must lower almost all
insurance rates, including
auto, home, and business cov
erage, by an immediate 20 per
cent.
