# GIANTS START GRIND PRECEDING: "PLAY BALL!"
## 
### 

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is

It looks like business again. Above is a group of the New York Giants limbering up with the
medicine ball at San Antonio. Lower right: Frank "Shanty" Hogan, catcher, taking a wicked cut at
the ball as spring training starts. Herbert Pyle (lower left), rookie picked up from Chattanooga, is
