# Mexico City Hails Lindy On Trip From Eagle Pass
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 24. (/P)—Col. I
Charles A. Lindbergh landed here at'
6:53 p.m. after a flight from Eagle
Pass, Texas.
i
EAGLE PASS, Texas, Feb. 24. (TP)—
The Lone Eagle of the New York-to-
Paris flight fame winged off from the
Eagle Pass Airport shortly after day
break today toward Mexico City 011 a
mission as yet nnrevealed to a gaping
[ and suspicious world of admirers.
After landing landing here from
Abilene, Texas, last evening to halt !
for the night, Colonel Lindbergh was
up bright and early this morning to
learn from the newspapers that it was
; believed he might be en route to the
' Mexican capital to marry Anne Mor
row, daughter of United States Am
bassador Dwight W. Morrow. A1
though the famous flier had announced
last night that he was on his way to !
Mexico City, he left here this morn
ing without amplifying his statement,
lie again declined to comment on the
purpose of his Mexican visit, but
through the length of this lonely
border, and the breadth of at least
two nations, ran the rumor that the
Colonel might not return to his home
land single.
