# Intramural Preliminaries For Swimming Wednesday
## 
### 
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
Preliminaries for the intramural j
swimming meet, to he held at 4
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, are sched
uled for Wednesday at 4 o'clock in
Encina pool. To qualify, each group
must enter at least four men.
Xylothrihydroxglutaric acid is rec
ommended as a beverage; in fact
chemists claim it makes good lemon
ade.
