# Euphronia, Wranglers To Debate Wednesday Night
## 
### 
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
Euphronia Society and Wranglers,
Women's Debating Society, will meet
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:">0
Wednesday evening, where they will
debate the question: "Resolved, That
Ihe Lower Division Should Be Re
tained." Wranglers, an old society on
the campus which has been inactive
until its recent reorganization, will
take the negative of the question,
arguing against the Lower Division.
Arthur Angel and Louis Mercado '
will be sent by Euphronia Society to
Berkeley on Thursday, February 28,
where they will debate with Parlia
ment, women's debating society of the
University of California. The Euphro
nia team will defend the negative of
the question: "Resolved, That the
Mechanical Age Is Detrimental to the
Individual."
