# Architect Exhibit
## 
### 
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
Photographs of the Bay Area
architecture designed by Bernard
C. Maybeek will be on display in
the lobby of the main library un
til June 2. The exhibit is spon
sored by the University of Cali
fornia College of Architecture.
