# 19 of Faculty Are Promoted
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced yesterday that 19 fac
ulty members have received pro
motions, effective Sept. 1.
Named full professors are:
Walter E. Meyerhof, physics, and
Arthur P. Coladarei, education
and psychology.
N a me d associate professors
are: Willi;un F. Baxter, law;
Otis A. Pease, history: Von Rus
sel Eshleman. Gene F. Franklin
and Richard 11. Pantell, electri
cal engineering; Stanley IV. Da
vis, geology; David S. Nivison,
Chinese and philosophy; David
Levin and Lawrence V. Ryan,
English; James E. Howell, eco
nomics, Graduate School of Busi
ness, Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy, and Emmanuel Par/en, sta
tist ics.
Named assistant professors
arc: Norman M. Abramson, elec
trical engineering; Lewis Aro
now. pharmacology; Malcolm A.
Bagshaw, radio I o g y ; John
Thompson, geography; and John
YV. mathematics.
