# CHOOSE CHILDREN FOR "IVORY DOOR"
## 
### 
The parts of the two young hoy
princes in Milne's sparkling comedy,
"The Ivory Door," will be played by
two local children, Lloyd Wilson and
Donald Reynolds, it was announced
last night.
Lloyd Wilson, who is the nine-year
old son of Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
Editor of The Stanford Illustrated
Review, will play the role of young
Prince Perivale in the prologue In
this scene he is featured with Tom
Henry, in the part of King Hilary;
and he is doing his lines "with a
charm unbelievably vital," according
to Harold Helvenston, acting director
of dramatics.
The character of the young prince
in the epilogue will he portrayed by
Donald Reynolds, son of Charles Na
than Reynolds, of the sociology de
partment. The part of the king, play
ing with Donald Reynolds in the epi
logue, will be cast in two or three
days.
Caroline Fisher, a sophomore, has
been chosen to play Anna, one of the
finely drawn character parts of this
satire.
