# NEW SARDINE CANNERY
## 
### 
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
i pjrvfj i, uct. is. (/{-•) — ine
Monterey Sardine Products Company
opened its new $250,000 plant here
recently, employing 200 men and wo
men with an output of 150 tons a day,
