# SOPHS MEET TONIGHT TO PLAN FOR DANCE; CHAIRMAN ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The first meeting this quarter of
the Sophomore Class will be held to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Room 214. Easi
ness of the meeting will consist prin
cipally of plans for the Sophomore
Cotillion which will be held on No
vember 8.
Art Katzev and Charles Karl, class
treasurer, will be in charge of ar
rangements for the dance. Committee
heads have been appointed as fol
lows: Adriane Olmstead, chaperones;
James Reed, lighting; Albert Russell,
transportation; Ernest Hatch, pub
licity; Dan Bedford, bids; Russell
Smith, music; Robert L. Smith, work;
Harold Severance, punch; Charles
Strong, decorations; Reidar Winther,
programs. Members of these commit
tees will be appointed by the respec
tive chairmen.
All sophomore men and women are
urged to attend the meeting.
