# Hoover Will Take Part In Opening Of Bay Shore Road
## 
### 
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
SAN "FItANCISCO, Oct. 14. (/P)—
President Herbert Hoover is expected
to participate in the formal opening
of the now Bayshore Highway on Oc
tober 20, the committee in charge of
the celobration has announced. The
President will either designate some
person to represent him or he will
press a button in Washington to of
ficially throw the highway open to
travel.
Governor C. C. Young and Mayor
James Kolph, Jr., of San Francisco,
will bo the principal speakers at the
coremony which will precede a long
automobile parade along the highway.
