# VARSITY TENNIS MEN TO MEET, PLAN YEAR THURSDAY AFTERNOON
## 
### 
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
An important meeting of the varsity
tennis players enrolled in course 145
will be held Thursday at 5 o'clock in
room 41 of the Physical Education
building, says Elwyn Bugge, director
of tennis. Plans for the entire year
will be discussed.
Drawings for the Fall Quarter In
terclass Singles Tournament will be
posted in the gymnasium today, with
time limits for playing off of matches
in the various rounds. No indication
as to the ranking of varsity or fresh
man players will be given out until
after the tournament, states Bugge
