# Convict Is Captured After Escape From Penitentiary
## 
### 
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Oct. 14. (ff)—
George N. Edwards, who escaped from
the federal penitentiary at McNeil
Island September 28 in company with
William Dean, was taken into custody
near here today at the home of his
wife's parents. His wife and three
children had been living with her par
ents here since Edwards was sent to
the penitentiary for counterfeiting.
He had served eight months of a
five-year sentence. Dean is still miss
ing.
