# HERPETOLOGIST DEAD
## 
### 
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va., Oct. 14. (/P)
—Bitten by a rattlesnake in his coun
try home in the Cheat Mountains,
Colonel Charles William Cramer, na
tionally known herpetologist, died at
a hospital here today', after racing
his automobile twenty miles over
rough mountain roads for assistance.
