# EAGLE SCOUT OUTING SCHEDULED FOR NEXT SUNDAY AT PESCADERO
## 
### 
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
All Eagle Scouts enrolled in the
University are invited to attend the
beach outing of Alpha Phi Qmega, na
tional scouting fraternity, to be held
at Pescadero next Sunday, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andred Porter,
president.
The program of entertainment will
include swimming and baseball, to be
followed by a dinner to be cooked by
the Scouts, after which there will be
a few brief talks and group singing.
Food will be furnished by the fra
ternity.
Transportation will be provided for,
Porter said. Everyone will leave the
Union at 2 o'clock p.m., Sunday.
Those wishing to go are asked to
communicate with Porter at 209 Bran
ner, Robert Brown, 347 Encina, or to
write to Box 2131.
