# BAWLOUT ON PRESS; TO SHOW INCREASED ENROLLMENT OF '29
## 
### 
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
This quarter's Bawlout, now
in the hands of the University
Press, will show a Stanford en
rollment larger by 7G than that
of the autumn quarter last year.
The figures for this year are
3535, as compared with 3459 in
1928.
The increase is slightly larger
in the graduate division than in
the undergraduate. There are
833 graduate students registered
now, while there were 785 a year
ago, an increase of 48. For under
graduates the enrollment has
grown from 2663 to 2696, a dif
ference of 33. Only 6 special stu
dents are registered this quar
ter, a decrease of 5 from last
year.
At the same time the statistics
were sent to the printer there
were still 8 students who had not
fully completed registration and
who do not count in the printed
totals.
