# March Sequoia Is Best Issue of Year
## 
### 
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
With stories, articles, and poetry
included in well-balanced proportion,
the delayed March issue of Sequoia is
due to appear on the campus tomor
row. Featured is a vivid story of
trench life, entitled "Sector ,
Somewhere in France," by William
Nicholas, a West Australian, who is
an officer in the technical unit in
charge of keeping the telephone lines
in order. "Jerry MacGowan," a story
by Dale Van Every, *18, is unques
tionably the best effort in this line
of work that has been published for
some time,
i Professor Edward B. Krehbiel con
j tributes an analysis of the "Revolu-
| tion in Russia," and draws some in
teresting comparisons with the French
! Revolution. In the line of articles
Sequoia offers a "dope" story on
"Stanford and the Big Series," by N.
j H. Petree, '19.
Included in the poetic efforts of the
issue is a frontispiece poem, "Lonely
which is effectively illustrated.
"The Hidden Spring," by P. V. R. Ad
ams, '17; "All-of-a-Fairy," by Dare
Stark, '17, and "Sufflcit," by Gladys
Green, '18, are three poems of excel
lent quality—probably the best as a
whole that have appeared this year.
