# Librarian Kicks
## #on Cut Chappie 
### 
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
This little story is entitled
"There's a Reason."
The following letter received by
Chappie's manager from the Cali
fornia State Library at Sacramento,
needs no explanation. It says:
"Dear Sir. We have received a
mutilated copy of the Chaparral for
March 1917. Will you kindly send
a good one for the library file? A
picture on page 112 has been de
stroyed. Yours truly, .J. L. Gillis,
Librarian."
The following reply is respect
fully suggested for the benefit of
Chappie's manager: "Dear Mr. Gil
lis: Your copy of the March Chap
arral was as good as the best one
printed. President Wilbur's page
112 was a twin to yours. If you
must know what was on page 112,
come down to a Hammer and Coffin
party, some time, and maybe we'll
tell you. We are, per usual. Chap
pie."
