# TENNIS TEAM FAILS TO COME.
## 
### 
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
Due to the failure of the San Jose
Normal tennis squad to appear on
Saturday morning, the scheduled
matches between the Normal and Stan
ford freshmen tennis teams were not
played. Efforts are being made to
arrange a time convenient for both
teams.
