# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
It is reported that special police
men will be appointed from the
upper classes to prevent an out
break between warring factions at
the Sophomore election tomorrow.
