# Indian Educators Tour SU Campus
## 
### 
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
Three educators from India, all
participants in the Foreign Spe
cialists Program of the Interna
tional Educational Exchange
Service of the U.S. Department of
State, visited campus yesterday.
Dr. Katimirayappa N. Venkata
rayappa of the Maharaja's Col
lege, Mysore University, Dr. Ka
dur N. Narayan, head of the De
partment of Botany of the Uni
versity of Mysore, and Dr. Banga
lore Kuppusawmy, professor of
psychology, Maharaja's College,
University of Mysore, toured the
campus and met with professors
yesterday morning and afternoon.
