# 'Nigerian Night' Lecture Topic
## 
### 
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
The Stanford Branch of the Ex
periment in International Living
will sponsor "Nigerian Night" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the upper
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Participants in the program in
clude Welvin Stroud of San Jose
State College, who went to Nige
ria in this program in the summer
of 1957 and who will present
slides and commentary on Nige
rian life. Stanford student Udo
Nkamare, native Nigerian, will
offer examples and discussion of
cultural life in Nigeria. Leighton
Rollins, West Coast representa
tive for Experiment in Inter-na
tional Living, will explain the
program and its objectives.
The Nigerian Night program is
aimed at all persons interested in
travel.
