# Board Must Okay Publishing Plans
## 
### 
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
Students interested in publish
ing any advertising project on
campus, such as a blotter or a
phone wheel, must contact Bill
Tooley, Student Financial Mana
ger. al the ASSU office this week.
ASSU by-laws require that such
orojects be reviewed by the Pub
lications Board before permission
is granted to ihetn by the Legis
lature. Any project which is not
approved njay not be distributed
on campus.
