# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.

THIS EUCALYPTUS TRICE is one of many being cut down around
Stanford stadium because of damage done to it in Christmas
storms. They are being replaced with 2000 native California oaks,
more reliable than the eucalyptus which often blow down with no
warning.—Daily photo by Ed Fayle.
