# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
Roble Hall announces the mar
riage of Ausma Regina Jaunze
mis, '59. to Ronald Edward Mul
len, '56.
