# STUDENT THEFT
## 
### 
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
While ex • President Benjamin
Harrison was staying at the guest
suite in Encina Hall, two students
stole cigars and liquor from his
room. •
