# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
GLOVES
Men's walking and dress
glove 3. Mochas, Suedes,
cape, buckskin, unlined,
wool lined, fur lined, out
seam, etc. All the popu
lar styles and colors.
FRAZER
& CO.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
