# BONNHEIM DISCUSSION TOMORROW EVENING
## F.E. Hill, F.H. Hilton and P.M. Ogilvie Will Speak for Prize of $125. 
### 
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
On account of the ability of the three
speakers who will contest for the $125
prize offered, the Bonnheim Discus
sion to be held tomorrow evening in
the University Chapel should be of
unusual interest. "The Ethical As
pects of Intercollegiate Athletic Riv
alry" will be the subject for discus
sion and the speakers are three sen
iors, F. E. Hill, F. H. Hilton and P.
M. Ogilvie. The judges of the contest
will be Beach Thompson, gr„ San
Francisco, W. A. Shedd of Palo Alto
and Reverend Cecil Marrick. '99. of
San Francisco. The speaking begins
at 8 o'clock.
