# APPOINTMENTS ARE MADE IN FACULTY
## FOUR NEW NAMES ARE ADDED TO LIST. Professor Ernest Daenell Will be Invited to Deliver a Course of Lectures. 
### 
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
Several new appointments were
made to the Faculty of the University
through action of the Board of Trus
tees at their last meeting, while ar
rangements were also authorized for
inviting Professor Ernest Daenell,
Kaiser Wilhelm Professor at Columbia
University, to deliver a course of lec
tures at Stanford during his stay in
the United States.
Resolutions were adopted to the ef
fect that tuition and incidental fees
should be refunded to students sever
ing their connection with the Univer
sity within two weeks after tho lie
ginning of the semester, appeals in
exceptional cases being allowed to the
Hoard of Trustees through the Presi
dent.
I)r. Harrison S. Smalley, Assistant
Professor of Economics at the Uni
versity of Michigan, was made Asso
ciate Professor of Economics. This
appointment is to fill the vacancy in
the department left by the resignation
of Dr. Motley, who went to Brown Uni
versity at the begining of the present
year. Dr. Smalley will assume his
duties next September.
Dr. M. J. Berdnikoff was made tech
nical assistant in the Department of
Medicine. His work will be confined
to the division of Anatomy.
Miss Alice R. Berger, a graduate
student in the Chemistry department,
was appointed as an assistant in
Chemistry to make control assays of
ore samples.
Dr. Ray L. Wilbur was appointed ex
ecutive head of the Department of
Medicine, and Professor L. R. Lenox,
acting executive of the Department of
Chemistry, for the coming semester, in
view of the fact that Dr. Stillman will
he absent on leave next spring. Dr.
Wilbur will reach the University in
January and will resume his active
work in the Medical department after
two years abroad.
