# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
Princeton University now lias two
constant low temperature rooms which
can be kept at 7 degrees below zero.
These rooms for experimenting in
physics are practically the only suc
cessful rooms of the sort in the world.
