# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
A gift of $50,000 from the Rocke
feller fund was recently received by
the women's college of Brown Uni
versity.
