# CONCERT SERIES
## 
### 
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
Tickets ordered for the Stanford
Concert Series on registration days
may be picked up at the ticket office
in the Nitery starting today from 1
to 5 p.m. and continuing Monday
through Friday, Oct. 22. John Tir
rell is manager of the series.
