# Knoles Elected Faculty Club Head
## 
### 
Professor George H. Knoles of the
History Department has been elected
president of the Stanford Faculty
Club.
Other new officers are Dean of
Students H. Donald Winbigler, vice
president, and Professor Oswald
Nielsen of the Graduate School of
Business, treasurer. Professor El
wyn Bugge of the Physical Educa
tion Department was elected secre
tary for the third successive year.
Chosen to serve on the club's
board of directors were Professors
John K. Vcnnard of the School of
Engineering, and Ira L. Wiggins of
the Biological Sciences Department.
Retiring club president David S. Ja
cobson, the University's General
Secretary, succeeds automatically to
membership on the board.
