# Correction
## 
### 
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
A letter to the editor (Daily, Nov. 2), from
Wynne Hamister, a staff member at SLAC, was
misprinted. Hamister actually wrote in her let
ter that "the presence of nuclear power does
not negate the obligation of continuing to st
rive towards viable institutions." The Daily re
grets the error.
