# LETTERS
## 
### 
SJC Correction
Editor, The Daily:
I write to correct two of the
more serious errors in your Friday
article about the SJC.
The headline, "SJC Charges 32
Students," is inaccurate because
the SJC does not do the charging.
Charges were filed by the
administration in these cases and
will be adjudicated by the SJC.
The second serious error
concerns the release of the 32
names. Even after defendants are
informed that a case is pending
against them, the Legislative and
Judicial Charter of 1968, in a
section entitled "Defendant
Rights," guarantees that "unless
the defendant asks for an open
hearing, any matters of facts
which would tend to identify the
person or persons involved in a
case would be kept confidential."
Virtually all defendants who have
appeared before the SJC this year

have been most eager to keep
their cases confidential. There is,
of course, nothing to prevent a
defendant from making public his
involvement—but that is his
choice. As Mr. Braunstein surely
knew, the SJC could not make the
list available. Moreover, the SJC
has dismissed cases on its own
motion for lack of evidence
without the accused ever even
learning that a case had been filed
against him.
Especially in dealing with the
sensitive topic of disciplinary
action, the Daily owes its readers
the obligation to investigate the
situation carefully and not to
guess or repeat others
misstatements.
Marc A. Franklin, Chairman
Stanford judicial Council
Cory Endorsement
Editor, THE DAILY:
The crisis in American politics
has been brought home. The shift

of effective power from the
people to the government that is
so evident in national politics has
its very own Stanford equivalent;
the continued co-optation of
student decision-making power by
the administration.
The central issue in this week's
ASSU election is the protection
and expansion of student rights in
the face of a systematic
impoverishment of undergraduate
education and continued
university participation in
activities that are both political
and which explode the myth of
"university neutrality" in socially
relevant research. Concerning the
former, Arnold Kaufman has
written: "No group in higher
education is more massively
victimized than undergraduates
—who suffer most from the
inverted system of priorities that
rewards organizational skills more

than research, research more than
graduate teaching and graduate
teaching more than undergraduate
teaching."
This, of course, is no revelation
to Stanford students. The
publication of departmental
papers concerning faculty
promotion and pay scales (taken
from Encina last Spring) and the
decisions to cut or eliminate the
undergraduate departments of
Art, Architecture, Drama, and
Speech this spring only reinforce
those who believe that the
growing corruption of the
university is merely a reflection of
the forces at work in society at
large. The decision to soundproof
Roscoe Maples Pavilion at a cost
of $80,000 but to eliminate the
Dept. of Speech (cost $40,000)
for financial reasons is clear
indication that the excellence of
undergraduate education has lost
primacy at this university.
Furthermore, there exists an
entire structure of institional
rewards that promotes growth of
undesirable kinds of research; the
continued expenditures in
electronics and aeronautics at the
expense of undergraduate
humanities and science courses
provide ample evidence of the
existing inversion of appropriate
priorities.
This week's election can be
important in determining if the
necessary changes will be
forthcoming. Campus ferment has
produced reforms in the past; yet
they come slowly and more than
strong leadership is required if
they are to continue. Of primary
importance is a consciousness of
the problems confronting the
university and the nation and an
awareness of inverted priorities
and the vested interests seeking to
perpetuate those priorities. In my
opinion, only one slate of

candidates meets these
requirements, and for that reason
I urge all concerned students to
vote for the ticket of John
Shoch-Bill Evers in this week's
election.
Bob Cory
