# Bloodmobile To Visit Farm
## 
### 
The bloodmobile will pay a spe
cial visit to the Stanford campus
on Tuesday, July 31. The unit will
be located at the Women's Club
house from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Officials of the Palo Alto Red
Cross chapter reported yesterday
that they had been asked to secure
at least 150 donors for that day.
Appointments for the July 31 visit
can be made at the table in front
of the Cellar on Wednesday and
Thursday of next week. Students
between 18 and 21 may secure the
required parental release blanks
from the ASSU office. The blanks
are to be signed by the parents and
returned when the appointment is
made.
Sixty-four volunteers signed up
from Stanford to give blood when
the unit visited Palo Alto Wednes
day, but many missed their ap
pointments.
Only 165 pints were collected at
Palo Alto Wednesday. This was be
low the 200-pint quota. The last
time the bloodmobile visited the
Stanford campus 1244 pints were
given.
