# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Beverly Bock, '52, to
Robert W. Wunderlich, '52. They
plan to be married during Christ
mas vacation.
