# RAY CHAPMAN Editor
## ALEX KOSLOFF Business Manager 
### 

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."

"Yeah, he was a good student until this semester. Last year
he promised his girl they'd be married when he graduated this
summer."
