# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
! ORDER
YOUR
RING
NOW!
lW
nS/«J|7/
I GRADUATION
RING
It he most respected
symbol of your
educational
achievement.
From $35.00
•CARLYLE
JEWELERS
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
535 BRYANT
Phon* DAv«nport 3-2834
