# Tonopah Stanford Club.
## 
### 
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
Last fall there was formed at
Tonopah, Nevada, by Stanford
alumni and ex-students, "The Stan
ford Club of Tonopah." The mem
bers were as follows: Hugh Brown,
'96, C. E. Condit, '96, Roy Moore,
'97, U. C. Watson, '02, C. L. Rich
ards, '01, district attorney at
Tonopah, W. R. Hogan, ex-'O5,
and M. E. Hicks, ex-'O2, and the
officers were Hugh Brown, presi
dent, and W. R. Hogan, secretary.
Owing to the fact that there were
a large number of representatives
of other colleges engaged in mining
at Tonopah, the Stanford Club was
enlarged into the Mispah Club,
which has as members alumni of
Harvard, University of Virginia,
Cornell, West Point, and many
other colleges. The new organiza
tion has under contemplation the
construction of a $15,000 club
house.
