# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
The attention of Seniors is called
to the fact that they are expected
to sign the class roll at the Regis
trar's office.
