# 115 Couples Waltz At Summer Formal
## 
### 
In the Southern setting of Lagu
nita Court, under a "plantation
moon," about 115 couples waltzed to
the music of Larry Cannon and his
orchestra Friday night.
This year's Lagunita Summer
Formal was highlighted by the
shapely and hoop-skirted figure of
Lulubelle. Created of chicken wire
and crepe paper, she was easily the
most popular Southern belle of the
ball, from her vantage point behind
the bandstand.
Beyond the ivy-covered trellis at
one end of the dance floor was the
wishing well, where guests found
the tasseled bids for the dance.
Decorated tables in the courtyard
provided a place for guests to sip
Planters' Punch by candlelight
while strolling couples admired the
Court fountain, illuminated by
rose-co!ored lights accenting the
floating magnolias.
Many of the girls chose hoop
skirted dresses to blend with the
Southern theme of the dance, al
though these were a hazard to some
during the Mexican "La Raspa."
