# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Girls - girls- For some
unforeseen reason,
we've been trapped
into talking about you
in these Wednesday
items. So hear this!
Today, it's the justly
famed Lady Manhat
tan shirt, dacron and
cotton, with roll
sleeves and classic
spread point collar, in
a galaxy of Spring
garden colors, not to
mention white. Today
is the day to augment
your collection at
friendly old
Roos/Atkins. Match
or mix, but $5.95 the
serving.
\
■
■
■
I
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
