# Socialist Caucus Presents Denitch
## 
### JOHN C . HARPER 
Bogden Denitch, Bay Area
spokesman for the Socialist
Party, will speak on "The Exten
sion of Social and Political De
mocracy in Under-developed
Countries” tonight at 8 in Room
2G9, Tresidder. Denitch’s talk is
the first in a series of four semi
nars presented by the Socialist
Caucus to acquaint students with
Democratic-Socialists’ analyses
of problems facing the peoples of
the world.
Mr. Denitch, a militant trade
unionist, sits on the National Ex
ecutive Committee of the Social
ist Party and has been active in
local politics, such as the move
ments to pass a fair-housing law
in Berkeley and to defeat Propo
sition 24 in the past state elec
tions. According to Dave John
son, Chairman of the Socialist
Caucus, “Bogden Denitch is per
haps one of the most colorful
persons in the American Socialist
Movement today, and I am sure
he will have many provocative
ideas to present to the students
who attend the seminars. Al
though Mr. Denitch has often
debated and spoken at Stanford,”
added Johnson, “these seminars
will provide students with the
unique opportunity of give-and
take discussion with the Social
ist leader.”
THE SEMINARS arc scheduled
for the next four consecutive
Wednesdays. Denitch will give
three of the seminars, and Arlon
Tausing will give the fourth. Pau
sing, also an active Bay Area
Socialist, recently returned from
Japan where he did research on
early capital development there.
He is now teaching economics at
San Francisco State University.
