# Auburn Ski Club Will Hold Meet
## 
### 
The Auburn Ski Club 11th Annual
Championship Meet is scheduled for
Feb. 15 and 18 at the grounds near
Cisco, according to an announce
ment from the Sacramento office of
the National Automobile Club. The
events will include downhill, jump
j ing, slalom and cross country.
The Automobile Club also an
nounces that motorists may enter
Yosemite at the Arch Rock ranger
station from 5 o'clock in the morn
ing to midnight daily. The south
entrance on the Wawona Road is
open from 6 o'clock in the morning
to 11 o'clock at night Sunday
through Thursday, and until 11
o'clock on Friday and Saturday
nights. Inbound traffic is not per
mitted except during these hours.
