# 'Bartered Bride' Chorus Chosen
## 
### 
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
Thirty-nine members of the chorus
for Smetana's "The Bartered Bride"
have been chosen, and the opera will
be presented jointly by the Division
of Speech and Drama and the Divi
sion of Music on March 7 and 8.
The women's ranks are closed, and
they are: sopranos, Mary Maud
Mitchell, Priscilla Reynolds, Mar
jorie Winkler, Audrey Salter, Ber
nice May, Marceille Wicker, Molly
Poole, Caroline Tyson, Mary Brown,
Ray Clegg, and Marietta Garfias.
Altos, Margaret Tuttle, Eugenia
Beam, Barbara Graham, Yvonne
Squellati, Jean Holcomb, Vail Goss,
Lucile Grant, Claire Burtchaell,
Marilou Hieber, Pauline Deuel, Do
lores Thornton, Bernice Linden, and
Virginia Kerr.
The following men will form the
male section of the chorus, but more
men may still be chosen. Anyone
interested should see Joel Carter
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the choir
room. Those chosen so far are: Ken
neth Payne, Jr., Thomas Avery, Lcif
Frandsen, Cyclone Covey, John
Berger, Walter Zimmerman, James
Julien, John Vanderburgh, Robert
Helliwell, Edwin Carpenter, Crow
ell Beech, John High, Quentin War
ren, Luhrs Stroud, and Harry
Pangburn.
