# OPPOSES LEND-LEASE MEASURE
## 
### 

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."

PHILIP LA FQLLETTE, former governor of Wisconsin, puts force into
his testimony as he tells the Senate Foreign Relations Committee his
reasons for opposing the Administration's aid-to-Britain hill. He
told the committee the legislation would "rest in one man the deci
sion over peace and war in this country."
