# Adv. 20 Page 11
## 
### 
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
1891: A Novel about Stanford
University
Both Irreverent
& Informative
Purchase at Kepler's, Stanford
Bookstore, B&N, Amazon
jerryfranks@earthlink.net
Calculus tutor needed for high
school student. 408-749-9749
Ph.D student seeking egg donors
for 1 hour interviews. Email
fertilityresearch@gmail.com
BEETLE, 1999, Black, 75K miles.
Needs some work, but price
reflects that. $5000.6504921499
albeel9s6@gmail.com.
Occasional evening sitter/math &
reading tutor/lego partner for
bright 6-yr-old boy, 2miles from
main quad, $20/ hr, interest in
pokemon a plus
jpdawson@spamarrest.com
Active T/Th sitter needed for PA
family 12-6.2 m from campus.
giselle@galper.us.
ISO Lifeguard/swim instructor to
spend time with toddler while I
swim (at-home pool). 2-4 days
per week 650.248.9252 - Mindy
Responsible and reliable
babysitter wanted for infant on
campus (EV). Approx. 2 nights/
month, weekends. $15/ hr.
Previous experience desired.
Contact mpreiner@stanford.edu
Mandarin Spkg Babysitter Needed
on Stanford Campus M/Wl2-4 pm
Tu/Thur 84 pm Ca11650 736 0306
Family in PA seeking student
sitter for 2 boys-ages 1 & 4.
Prefer Fri or Sat eve, 2-3 x per
mo. $15 Rate & hrs neg. Contact
Erin @ 650-838-0138.
