# Adv. 25 Page 11
## 
### 
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
Teach kids fitness or tennis
after school in Menlo Park.
Enthusiastic, fun and reliable.
$40 a day (2 hrs) 650-814-6734
www.cheapestees.com
We need an expert to help build
our Facebook & Myspace presence
email: info@cheapestees.com
We're looking for talented
persons to help launch an enter
tainment website for Kids 6-12.
Web savvy and technology mastery
required. Entry-level or
career-transition position for
persons interested in web-based
biz, communications, marketing.
No Calls! Send resumes to
staffing@ZooKazoo.com
Quick Easy Money! Door guard for
Catholic Comm. at Stanford. $30
to keep visitors out. Sun. mass,
4:30-s:3opm. Email kgray@mission
supportservices.net to apply.
P/T Curves for Women accepting
applications. Positive, love to
work with peope, energetic -
fax resume or phone 650-555-
1212 or e-mail empey2u@yahoo.com
Short Term Contractor Needed
Physics Math Calculations for
Nuclear Reactions, e-mail resume
gyurash@mac.com
Include subject line
Fusion Patent
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
Hiring student as exercise
coach to 67 year old in PA.
3 hrs/wk. Call Toni 408-264-7174
New Single Fam Homes-Patio Style
63 Oakwood Drive, Redwood City
Open House: Sat, Sun 1 -5,0r appt
Whitehall Prop. 650.400.8214
