# WOMEN'S ASSOCIATION ELECTS NEW OFFICERS.
## Miss Ruth Seeley, '13, Chosen President Without Opposition—Other Offices Contested. 
### 
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association held their semi-annual
election of officers Saturday, at which
they chose Miss Ruth Seeley. '13, as
president, for the coming semester.
Rverv offic except that of the execu
tive was contested for, and close bal
loting was the result of the campaign
waged.
Miss Tranche Whelau, '12, was
named vice-president and Miss Laura
FFerron, '14, secretary-treasurer. The
n°wlv elected directors are as follows:
Miss Hilda Volkmor, '13, Miss Mar
unerite Boyd, '14. and Miss Margaret
Duryea, '15.
