# Jewelery Store Opened in Palo Alto.
## 
### 
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
J. I. Brown has recently opened ft
jewelry store at 261 University Av
enue, Palo Alto, next door to the Var
sity Theatre, He is an expert jeweler,
and is particularly experienced in all
watch repairing. Mr. Brown is also a
registered optometrist, and guarantees
satisfactory work in this line. All stu
dents of Stanford University are more
than welcome to visit this new store,
and to do business with Mr. Brown.
