# RUGBY FANS PLEDGE TEAM SUPPORT IN NIGHT RALLY
## Spirit of Anxiety Pervades Hanks of of the Cardinal Hooters. 
### 
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
Creating a din with cowbells, drums,
and explosives, four hundred enthusi
astic clamorers for a Cardinal victory
on November 14, cheered their way to
the football training quarters last
night, re-pledging their loyalty to
Captain Deke Gard and the Varsity
rugby players.
Captain Gard and other members of
the team stepped to the balcony, and
in sincere speeches assured the stu
dents that each man on the team
would give all he had in the coming
clash with the Blue and Gold, to
change a fighting chance into a vic
tory.
In last night's rally the overconfi
dent, "they'll win easy" spirit was
lacking. Mingled with the noisy dem
onstration was something new to this
year's rally, an atmosphere of anx
iety. As the tense pre-game strain set
tles over the campus, the student body
realizes the hard fight that the team
will face on California Field.
