# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
J. U. TTickey, ex-'O7, football and
handball player, and member of the
Olympic Club, is to be appointed su
perintendent of playgrounds in San
Francisco.
