# HOW THEY STAND
## 
### 

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.

As 13 years of pronibition ended with ratification of repeal by the thirty-sixth state, here is how the
nation stood on the liquor question. In 16 states spirits could be drunk legally, although under varying
conditions ranging from "over the bar" to home consumption. In 24 others sale and drinking was illegal,
while in the remaining eight the legislatures or commissions were working on rules.
