# CARNEGIE GRANT MADE
## 
### 
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
A uralit of * 15.000 lias been made
to the university by the Carnegie
Corporation tor the use of Dean
Grayson Kefauver for a two-year
investigation «>l programs of guid
auee in secondary schools, in col
laboration with Dr. Harold K. Hand
who recently completed two years of
study.
