# Bureau to Help U.C.L.A. Musicians to Find Work
## 
### 
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
To aid unemployed vocalists, dra
matic readers, and players of musi
cal instruments, the newly appointed
director of musical organizations at
the University of California at Los
Angeles has inaugurated a musi
cians' employment bureau.
Arrangements aie being made so
that campus musicians belonging to
the union may make use of the serv
ice without conflicting with the or
dinances of the American Federation
of Labor.
