# WOMEN'S CLUB
## 
### 
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
T« honor the wives of emeritus
professors, the Stanford Women's
Club will hold a tea Monday after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
I Clubhouse.
