# Helvenston Considering Plays for Next Quarter
## 
### 
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
Possibility of the presentation of
two plays next quarter is advanced
by Dramatic Director Harold Hel
venston. Helvenston is now busy
considering a few very good plays,
the names of which he is not divulg -
ing. This is due to the fact that
publication in the past has resulted
in the "wolfing" of his selections by
other dramatic groups, who have
secured the rights ahead of him.
