# Plays Presented in Menlo By Faculty and Parents
## 
### 
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
"The Reluctant Dragon" and "Th
Emperor's New Clothes," will be
presented by the faculty -,nd the
parents of the Peninsula School in
Menio on Saturday, December 0, in
the auditorium of the school. There
will be a matinee at 2 o'clock and
an evening performance at 8 o'clock.
The show will be given for the
benefit of the scholarship fund. The
price will be 10 cents for children
and 25 cents for adults.
