# Senate Probe Ending
## 
### 
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
Senate Finance Committee's long
raking over the coals of Chase Na
tional Bank ended yesterday. Real
disclosures were few; verbal fire
works plentiful. At least one more
wolf in sheep's clothes was found.
Spotlight was turned on RFC Di
rector Couch; he owes lots of money
to Chase, tried to reciprocate by
"giving" Banker Wiggin the inside
track on a juicy stock deal. Much
closed Detroit banks are next.
