# Campus Dances Offer Jobs for Local Men
## 
### 
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
In lighting and decorating campus
dances, there is an opportunity for
the typical (out-of-funds) rough to
earn part of his col lege expenses.
Each campus affair usually spends
upwards of fifty dollars on such
frills. This source of income is re
served to students.
The procedure requires that
would-be decorators submit bids to
the A.S.S.U. office a week or ten
days before the dance is scheduled.
The lowest bid for the work re
quired is given the job.
