# CONCERT SERIES DANCER
## 
### 

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.

When Tercsina, the noted Spanish dancer, appears on the Pavilioi
platform next Wednesday evening, it will mark the first time that th
Stanford Concert Series has ever devoted an evening to the terpsichoreai
art.
