# NEW RECORDS
## 
### 
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
First photographic reproductions
of student grade records to be em
ployed by an institution of higher
education have been perfected at
U.C.L.A.
