# BRUIN GRIDDERS FETED
## 
### 
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
Members of the U.C.L.A. football
varsity and their coaches were en
tertained at luncheon by the Cham
ber of Commerce of Los Angeles
early this week.
