# Half a Peanut an Hour Suffices for Cramming
## 
### 
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
If the campus Phi Bete intends to
study six hours Sunday night, all
he'll need in the way of extra food
will be represented by three pea
nuts — half a peanut per hour of
strenuous mental activity (so ac
tually, chances are that he won't
need more than two peanuts for the
evening's labor).
Not only that, but whoever cleans
the room will take three minutes of
hard labor to pick up the shells and
expend as much energy as he did
studying for an hour.
At least, that's what Dr. Francis
G. Benedict and Cornelia Benedict
of the Boston Nutrition Laboratory
of the Carnegie Institution in Wash
ington discovered when they tried
to find out how much energy is ex
pended thinking, merely thinking.

The big, seat-sale banner flapping
in the breezes in front of the post
office is advertising the Sophomore
Cotillion, although the banner is
borrowed from the Dramatic Coun
cil, according to Council Manager
Ben Cave.
