# SOCIAL SERVICE HEAD HAS WIDE EXPERIENCE
## 
### 
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
Through the variety of her training
and wide experieuce in the field. Miss
Margaret Walos is well qualified for
the position of Head Social Service
Worker for the Stanford University
Medical School, Hospitals, and Clinics
in San Francisco. She is succeoding
Mrs. Katharine I. Barnett, who has
resigned that position. Miss Wales
is a graduate of Vassar and of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Universi
ty, as well as of the Presbyterian Hos
pital in New York City. She was at j
one ' time Social Secretary of the
Pittsburg Y. W. C. A. and has had
experience in social organization work
throughout the city of New York and
in the suburbs of Chicago. The social
service work for the patients of Lane
Hospital is supported by the Auxili
ary to the Stanford Clinics, of which
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins is President.
This organization raises money toj
support the social service worker and
