# "Lilies of Mirones" Will Be Staged at Berkeley
## 
### 
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
"Lilies of Mirones" is the title of tlte
annual Parthencia to be staged by the
women of the University of California,
in Faculty Glade on April 7 and 8 The
theme, differing from previous, classic
productions, is based upon the early
Spanish customs and life in old Cali
fornia. The leading role is played by
Barbara Bronson as Mirones, the Spirit
of Love, whose marriage ends, tragic
ally, when she is borne away in the
dance of the flames.
