# Art Exhibit Will Open April 10 in Stanford Gallery
## 
### 
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
Announcement of the next exhibi
tion to be held in the rooms of the
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gallery
has been made by the curator, Pedro
J. Lemos. A collection of etchings
and lithographs by prominent Amer
icans will occupy the large room at
the rear of the building. Among the
better known men who will be repre
sented are Joseph Pennell, Frank Ben
son, Ernest Roth, Frank Levy, Bertha
Jacques and Ernest Haskell.

This exhibit will open on April 10,
and visiting groups will be conducted
through the rooms twicc a week, the
object being to familiarize the pub
lic with the differences between dif
ferent .types of prints and methods in
making prints. The lectures will be
given by Mr. Lemos, whose book on
prints and print processes is about
to appear in the East. He has offered
to examine any prints which anyone
may care to bring to him and give the
owner the benefit of his knowledge
and experience in the subject.

At the same time, Enid Kenney, who
was for some time an instructor in
art at the State Normal School in San
Jose, will exhibit a group of water
color sketches.

A third room will be filled by Lo-
Tenzo P. Latimer, whose drawings
and work in water color have won him
distinction.
