# Med student here tells how it's done
## 
### Paul Weium 
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
A third-year med student
here who said he couldn't find
any satisfactory pre-med prim
ers when he was an under
graduate has written such a
book for today's hopeful doc
tors.
Called Getting into Medical
School, the book is a compila
tion of first-hand experiences
of its author, Donald Solomon.
"Perhaps its opinionated,"
Solomon said. "But I tried to
present it the way I saw it."
Written in question-and
answer format, Solomon's
book gives tips and personal
anecdotes about the life and
trials of a pre-med.
One of his major tips deals
with the decision to attend a
private or public under
graduate school. He says that
the chances of getting into a
med school after attending a
private school are much higher
than if the student had at
tended a public school.
He goes on to say: "It is bet
ter to attend a college or uni
versity with a high level of
competitiveness instead of one
with a lower level where you
could probably earn a better
grade point average."
Backs up statements
He backs up his statements
with successful and not-so
successful individual experi
ences of his friends and ac
quaintences, whose names he
said he has changed to protect
the innocent.
Some of his stars are Howie,
the kindly TA, whose students
never took advantage of his of
fice hours, much to their dis
may, and Brian, who had a 3.9
CPA but didn't make it to med
school because he didn't have
extracurricular activities.
Solomon said that the books
he used when he was an un
dergraduate were too
generalized. He said he has
tried to be more specific, at
tempting to adequately cover

points about the essay portion
of the application and the in
terview.
His chapter on the essay
specifically recommends a par
ticular form of outline to fol
low, while the interview chap
ter comes complete with a
series of probable interview
questions.
Solomon also discusses the
decision to become a pre-med,
advisable courses and needed
grades, levels of recommenda
tions, worthwhile extracurricu
lar activities, the Medical Col
'lege Admissions Test, the ap
plication and finances.
Phi Beta Kappa
Solomon received his B.A.
degree magna cum laude in
biochemistry from Brandeis
University in 1976, where he
was awarded the Snyder Prize
in Chemistry and elected to Phi
Beta Kappa. He said he began
writing the book during his
senior year there.
"I wrote it after I had at
tended all my interviews, re
ceived acceptances from all
but one of the medical schools
to which I was interested, and
watched as the aspirations of
my pre-med friends went
slowly down the drain."
Solomon admits in the book
that special distinction ac
counts for a lot if you're trying
to get into med school. For
example, if you're "born with a
great family name that warrants
celebrity in contemporary
American society" or if your
family happens to donate
$50,000 to the medical school
to which you're applying, then
you're probably well ahead of
the others.
But once you do get in,
whether it's on personal merit
or on family glory, then Sol
omon offers the solace that
you're virtually assured of be
coming a doctor, because the
students in med school rarely
flunk out.
