# Announcements
## 
### 
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
Sophomore Pipe Committee an
nounces that all those who desire
1919 class pipes must sign up at
Wideman's campus store before
Thursday evening.
Thursday.
Varsity Wrestling Team—Meet at
gym for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Varsity lioxing Team—Meet at gym
for Quad picture, 4:15 p.m.
Saturday.
All men going on .Military encamp
ment report at Armory for instruc
tions, 9 a.m.
Sunday.
Christian Science Society— Room
84, inner quad, 7:30 p.m.
