# Pattern Shop Improvements.
## 
### 
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
lii the Pattern Shop a force of
men are now putting up two lines
of shafting to be used in drawing
the machinery which will he in
stalled next summer. Beside the
present circular sawing machinery,
the band saw, the patterns for
which are nlmost completed, and a
planer which will soon be pur
chased, it is intended to putin at
least twelve turning-lathes. A
large pattern lathe, drawings for
which are being commenced, will
be completed in the shops probably
next year.
