# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The members of the General
Choir will be given University
credit. The fact that this compar
atively newly developed activity
Bhould be so favored may in some
measure seem strange to those who
are acquainted with the amount of
hard work which is necessary to
make positions on the Daily Palo
Alto staff and the debating teams.
A like remuneration granted to
those doing work on the publica
tions or for the debaters would be
but a recognition of enterprises
which have proven themselves of
worth, which have given an equiv
alent in training such as no course
in any department of the Univer
sity can give. Of the two, debat
ing cries loudest for recognition.
An incentive such as that offered
to the General Choir would also to
other undergraduate activities mean
the stirring up of competition, and
a higher standard of effectiveness
in thorough training. It has been
argued that if credit be allowed the
staff of the Daily that the publica
tion would necessarily come under
faculty control. Such a contin
gency is not to be desired, and
would hamper rather than help the
development of the paper. Fac-
