# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
Did you know that we are Magna vox
specialists? We're the only factory-ap
proved service in the Palo Alto area 011
Magna vox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Auto
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of-our technicians has bad over 12
years of continuous cxpericncc in this
\* ork.
HACE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Rccord Shop
