# Athletic Board Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
Tryouts for the Stanford Ath
letic Board will he held this af
ternoon from 2 to in the Excom
Room.
