# SENIORS VIE FOR CONTRACTS
## 
### 
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
Four Stanford seniors will work
out before the Oakland - Sacra
mento ball game tonight a( Em
eryville,
Included in the Card quartet are
shortstop Warren Goodrich and
pitchers Don DeLong, Phil Page,
and Mike Acker.
