# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Services held every Sunday at n
a. m., at 156 University Avenue. Sub
ject for next Sunday, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school at 10 a.
n.. Weekly testimonial meetings on
Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. Read
ing room at 452 University Avenue.
Hours 1:30 to 4:30 p. m., 7:30 to 9
p. m. except Wednesdays and Sun
days.
