# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
The first Intercollegiate contest of j
the present year will take place to
morrow afternoon on California Field
when the Freshman football team will
meet the California freshmen in the
annual game. It is the duty of every
Stanford student to attend this con
test and give the Freshmen team the
support that is necessary to bring
victory. The Freshman team has been
selected after a season of hard work
and the men who will represent the
Cardinal in the contest tomorrow af
ternoon arc deserving of the support
of the entire Student Body. Although
there is no good reason for a feeling
of confidence in regard to the out
ctme of the contest, we only ask that
the Freshman team play the game
with the determination and spirit that
has characterized Stanford teams in
the past. The contest tomorrow is
sure to be a hard one. There is no
hope of victor}' unless the Freshmen
p.ay the hardest and best game of
which they are capable. We believe i
that they will do this and in this be
lief rests our hope of victory. The
team needs the support of a strong j
rooting section and if Stanford is to j
start the year with a victory in this
first Intercollegiate contest it is es
sential that every man should be at
California Field tomorrow afternoon.
