# Adv. 25 Page 7
## 
### 
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
mmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmar
SPRING LUNCH
on our
Sunny Patio
Don't Wait
To Try
It,
Try It Now!
STANFORD COLF COURSE
CLUB HOUSE FOUNTAIN
Open 8-s—closcd Mondays
