# SUNDAY MOVIES
## 
### 
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
"Strike Me Pink."' starring Eddie
Cantor and Ethel Merman, will play
at the Sunday Evening Movies this
week.
