# LAWYERS INITIATED
## PHI DELTA PHI HOLDS MOCK RECEPTION. Legal Fraternity Takes in Ten Men From the Upper Classes. 
### 
Phi Delta Phi, the legal fraternity,
held the public part of its annual
initiation at the post-office today.
The announcements took the form
of invitations to a reception by the
so-called "Kappa Moo's," and the fes
tivities on the post-office steps at
noon took the form of a tea given by
the members of a sorority house, the
twelve initiates being garbed in the
festive costumes of young ladies.
Just as the whistle 011 the power
house blew the neophytes were as
sembled on the steps of the post
office where a tea table stood with
all its appurtenances. The mock
young ladies went among the spec
tators and brought several on the
steps where tea was served to the
pretended guests. The reception was
terminated by one of the young ladies,
who fell in a faint and was carried to
the awaiting bus by the other initi
ates. The following men were initi
ated: If. P. Daily, '07, J. W. Maloy,
'07, C. G. Atwood, '07, D. M. Davis,
'07, F. A. Curtin, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. T. Bennett, '08, A. A. Murphy,
'08, K. L. Fenton, '08, F. R. Lanagan,
'oS, J. V. Hart, '08, N. A. Johnson,
'08.
