# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
Fifty-six students were ar
rested in the May 15
takeover of University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's of
fice.
The students, united un
der the banner of the
Agenda for Action coalition,
said they were fighting for
a greater student voice in
determining University
policy-
Most of the students in
volved were members of the
various groups that com
prise the Agenda for Action
coalition; most share many
of the same goals. But each
student has brought his or

her own background to the
protest and each came away
with their own perceptions
of the events surrounding
the occupation.
The following are profiles
of six of the students ar
rested May 15.
The students were chosen
to represent a variety of ex
periences and viewpoints.
They were not selected on
the basis of the role they
played in the May 15
takeover or the role they
have played in the Agenda
for Action coalition.
Interviews were con
ducted over the weekend.

Articles by John Wagner, Editorial Staff
