# LORO OFFICERS
## 
### 
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
Shery Tettemcr, presidenl; I\l
len Friedman, sice president;
Dorothj Broun, secrciaiA Ireas
ure; Sue Stimpson, committee of
seven representative; Klka Eck
erl. house manager.
