# Spikers Defeated
## 
### 
The Stanford trackmen are
probably getting mighty tired of
Dennis Johnson of San Jose State.
Saturday the Cards watched the
Jamaican sprint star blaze to his
second .09.3 100-yard dash in
three weeks. The other world rec
ord tying mark also came at the
expense of the Tribe in the Stan
ford Relays at San Jose.
Johnson's mark last weekend
in a triangular meet with the
Cards and Occidental at Stanford
Stadium led the Spartans to vic
tory. The point scores were San
Jose 63, Occidental 59and Stan
ford 39%.
Outstanding for Stanford were
John Fontius in the high jump
with a leap of 6-4"2, Dan Moore in
the broad jump with a mark of
23-11, Rich Klier with a 1:51.1
half mile and Phil White with a
pole vault of 14-4.
