# Adv. 40 Page 11
## 
### 
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
WANTED
BOXING. SPARRING PARTMER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nec. Will train. 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED $25/ hour Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay $5,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-71-6355
