# Next Y. W. C. A. Meeting Will Be Held January 5
## 
### 
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
The first Y. W. C. A. meeting of next
quarter will be held Thursday, January
5. in the Women's Clubhouse, at 5:00
o'clock. Miss Mary Solt, Pacific stu
dent secretary, will come from San
Francisco to speak on the National V.
W. C. A., and one of the local cabinet
members will describe the plans of the
campus Y. W. C. A. for the coming
quarter. The Ifreshmah cabinet ,will
put on a stunt. Refreshments will be
served after the meeting.
