# EXPOSITION ILLUMINATOR LECTURES TO ENGINEERS
## 
### 
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
W. D'A. Ryan, chief illuminating en
gineer of the Panama Pacific Exposi
tion, spoke at the third engineering
assembly of the semester in the Chapel
this afternoon.
The subject of the talk was "Exposi
tion Illumination," and, with the aid
of lantern slides, Mr. Ryan succeeded
n presenting his theme in very graphic
style to the members of engineering
classes present.
