# Palo Alto to Play Woodland High.
## 
### 
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
The final grime for the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation will be played
between Palo Alto and Woodland high
schools Saturday afternoon at 2:30.
The winner of this match will meet
Pomona high, tho southern champions.
