# JUNIORS ASKED TO RETURN BETAS' MISSING CLOTHES
## 
### 
A list of the clothing missing from
the Beta Theta Pi house since the
night before the Plug Ugly rush was
reported to the 101 ( > men at a class
meeting this afternoon, in order to
hasten the return of the garments to
their owners. A number of suits have
been broken up by the loss of either a
coat or trousers and the parts are of
little value to the owners or the pres
ent. holders. President W. P. Wing
asked that all Juniors make an effort
to have the articles returned at once.
A report on the financial condition
of the class was made by C. W. Hatch.
Quadrangle Manager 11. F. Elliott
urged that all individual Junior pic
tnres would have to be in his hands
by the end of the semester, to secure
a place in the year book.
