# Untitled Article
## 
### 
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
IT is rumored that Tuck, the Oregon wouder who threw the javelin 208
feet, is thinking of coming to Stanford. We would like to see what he
could do in the California climate as 208 feet makes his competitors fade
into nothing.
