# New COP says progress made in communication
## 
### A.J. THOMAS Editorial staff 
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
Members of the incoming Council of
Presidents have "begun almost every
thing" they intended to work on this
summer and are "finding we can do a
lot more than we thought we could,"
COP member Jim Durkin said yester
day.
Finding ways to improve communi
cation among students, the adminis
tration and the ASSU has been their
top priority so far, according to
Durkin.
Durkin also said the COP is trying
to organize an all-campus party for
the first full week of school after
Freshmen Orientation.
Other projects include developing a
straw poll telephone survey, compil
ing a handbook that describes every
part of the ASSU and "developing a
line of communication with the ad
ministration," Durkin said.
The new COP, known as the
Equalizers, are Durkin, a senior in

psychology and economics; Leonard
Adler, a junior in political science;
Maria Canas, a senior in English; and
Roechelle Smith, a senior in electrical
engineering.
On July 8 the COP fulfilled its first
campaign promise by holding office
hours from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. in
White Plaza.
According to an Equalizers press
release, the aim of the White Plaza of
fice hours is "to provide the student
body with a convenient way to get in
formation, offer feedback or present
new ideas to the student government
and ... the Council of Presidents."
Durkin called the first office hours
"more or less a trial run"and said
about 20 people stopped by to talk.
Durkin said he was "psyched" about
early progress made toward conduct
ing straw polls next year, which he
called a "brainstorm idea" of the
Equalizers. The COP plans to poll 150
random students every two weeks to
ask their opinions on campus issues,
Durkin said.
