# Cross Country Runners Train for Opening Meet
## 
### 
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
Stanford's 1934 cross country run
ners started pointing for a tentative
opening meet with San Mateo on
October 26, yesterday afternoon
when a squad of twelve took its first
workout on the golf course.
Ineligibility will probably rob the
Indian runners of Norm Bright, cap
tain of last year's squad and winner
of the 1933 run with California.
