# Dr. Stillman Succumbs From Pneumonia Attack
## 
### 
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
Dr. Stanley Stillman, professor
emeritus of surgery of Stanford Med
ical School and consultant in sur- j
gery at Lane Hospital, died early
yesterday morning at Stanford Hos- I
pilal as a result of an attack of bron
chial pneumonia.
Dr. Stillman, who was 73 years of ,
age, was a graduate of U. C. and of i
ooper Medical College. He is sur- ;
vived by his wife and two children, j
