# WITNESS TELLS OF STRIKE
## 
### 
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
Last night at 8 o'clock, Dr. Hedley,
an eye-witness of part of the long
shoreman's strike this summer, gave
a lecture in which he told ot some
of the sccnes he saw. The lecture
was sponsored by the Conference for
Labor Civil Rights, a San Francisco
non-political organization and held
in the Guild Hall of the All Saints,
Episcopal Church in Palo Alto.
