# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oncc Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
