# STUDENT NURSES MEET
## 
### 
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
The California Student Nurses'
Association, District 27, will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Palo Alto Hos
pital.
The program will be devoted to a
discussion of military nursing by
Major Alfred and Captain Kinkela.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the meeting.
