# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at. once at Willard's Art
