# Women Win In Basketball.
## 
### 
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
The women's basketball team de
feated Palo Alto High School yes
terday afternoon by a score of 14-
12. For the first game of the sea
son, this was disappointing, as the
Stanford team did not play in its
usual good form, making many fouls
and showing poor team work. The
game was not marked by any star
plays.
