# Varsity Will Play Monday.
## 
### 
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
The varsity baseball nine will meet
the Honolulu All Star team on the
diamond, Monday afternoon at 3:45.
