# Frosh Crew Meeting
## 
### 
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
Freshmen trying out for crew
will meet today at 4:115 p.m. at
the shell house, according to
Frosh Coach Phil Waters.
