# Council Suspends Six for Violations Of Honor Code
## 
### 
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
.Six students have been sus
pended from school for violations
of the Honor Code in actions
taken by the Judicial Council dur
ing the last two weeks of autumn
quarter and the first week of
this quarter.
Five of the suspensions are for
one quarter-, and the sixth stu
dent was suspended for two quar
ters because of repeated viola
tions.
The Judicial Council, which is
composed of the members of
Men's and Women's Councils,
considered a total of 12 cases
during the three-week period. Ten
of the students were found guilty
of giving and/or receiving unper
mitted aid on homework, mid
terms or finals. Two students
were acquitted.
All those convicted of viola
tions received grades of F in the
courses concerned, with the sus
pensions as an added penalty for
the six. All but one of the courses
involved in the cases were engi
neering courses.
