# Six SU Professors Awarded Science Foundation Grants
## 
### 
Stanford Professor William A.
Bonner has been awarded a $19,-
000 grant by the National Science
Foundation to do research in or
ganic chemistry.
Giants were also awarded to
Stanford Professors George Lep
pert, $11,600 for heat transfer
studies; Philip E. Smith, $9,900
for hormone research, and Wins
low R. Briggs, $9,150 for botani
cal investigations.
Professor Frank R. Arnold of
the Mechanical Engineering De
partment received a travel grant
to attend an international meet
ing in Brussels. One was also
awarded to Professor Charles D.
O'Malley of the History Depart
ment to attend an international
conference at Milan on the his
tory of science.
The grants total more than
$50,000, according to Dr. Alan T.
Waterman, director of the foun
dation.
