# President Views 'New Dust Bowl'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP)â€”
President Eisenhower flew west
to thp dusty plains of Texas today
to inspect land ravaged by one of
the worst droughts in recorded
American history.
By the time he returns Tuesday
night he will have seen at first
hand parched acres of the six
states that make up tUe heart of
what has been steadily developing
into another great Southwestern
dust bowl.
Th e impressions Eisenhower
forms from the two-day trip will
be translated into some type of
government aid program for hard
pressed fai mers and ranchers. He
had promised during the 19156
campaign to try to "do something
more about it [the drought] than
I has been done."
