# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be hoped that there will
be a good attendance tomorrow at
the meeting to be held for the for
mation of a Stanford outing club.
Now that the short Thanksgiving
recess is at hand, to be followed
soon after by the Christmas vaca
tion, it is desirable to organize at
once so that plans may be formed
for outing parties in good time. As
we stated in a former issue of this
paper, there is much profitable and
delightful work that could be
undertaken by such a club as it is
proposed to form. As the Univer
sity is established amid the most
beautiful natural surroundings, all
who are connected with it should
endeavor to make the most of the
advantages thus afforded; and
probably nothing would lend a
greater impetus in this direction
than the formation of an outing
club, which would encourage stu
dents and professors alike to culti
vate a taste for out-door rambles
and explorations.
