# The 						"Sequoia."
## 
### 
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
A half-tone portrait of Coach
Fickert will be included as a sup
plement in each copy of the next
issue of the Sequoia, which will be
out Friday.
This issue will contain W. J.
Neidig's poem, "Ten Years After,"
which was read at the exercises
commemorating the tenth anniver
sary of the opening of the Univer
sity. An entertaining story by
Bristow Adams, "The Burning cf
Bennie," will also be a feature of
interest.
