# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
VASSARETTES
To wear under your eve
ning clothes. They mould
your figure to the new
and charming silhouette
demanded by the latest
fall fashions.
Cirdlcs and -Pantie
Cirdlcs $5
<others 3.-50 to 101
Brassieres $1.50 to $3.50
lsberls
j Masonic Temple Bldg.
