# Student Files Suit Against Palo Alto
## 
### 
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
Norman C. Ortman, a Stanford
student, has asked the City of Palo
Alto for $25,138.84 in damages for
injuries allegedly suffered when he
fell into an underpass excavation
in front of the Veterans' Building
last July 31.
Ortman filed his claim with the
city council Monday evening by a
San Jose law firm, stating that he
had suffered severe chest and other
injuries as well as shock, and that
proper barricades and warnings
were not in place at the time of
the accident.
