# TOKYO-RUSS TIE STRENGTHENED
## 
### 

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.

ANXIOUS TO CUT Russian aid to China, Japan has sent Lieut. Gen.
Tatekawa as her ambassador to Moscow. Foreign Minister Matsuoka,
right, bids him farewell.
