# MERCHANT CRUISER SAVES CONVOY
## 
### 

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.

ONK OF TIIF EPIC STORIES of the war reached America when rabies reported that the British merchant cruiser Jervis Bay, above, saved
three-fourths of a British convoy of .18 ships by holding o(T a powerful 10.000-toil German pocket battleship in a two-hour mid-Atlantic battle.
The Jervis Bay. fighting on after she had been hit and set afire, went to the bottom.
