# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
'' I
<j
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
.
—————
!
THE STANFORD UNION
DININC ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Prices
12-1 Lunches—soc
6-7 Dinners—6oc
