# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
The Stanford Daily wishes to
correct any impressions that
Queen Contest advertising ap
pearing in this paper is either
solicited, or that it appeared in
favor of any contestant as op
posed to any other person run
ning for odice. Advertising of
this type is limited to a mini
mum of five lines, and its ap
pearance in yesterday's issue in
separate positions throughout
the paper was an error of the
husipess staff. The Daily is not
in sympathy with paid personal
advertising for publicity pur
poses.
