# WINS PRIZE
## 
### 

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)

Frede Vidar, 24, revealed he was
moving out of his San Francisco
studio for inability to pay rent
when he was advised he had been
awarded the $2,000-a-year Paris
prize of the Chaloner foundation.
The prize includes a Paris studio
for three years of study. He has
been painting since he was 12 year*
old. (Associated Press Photo)
