# Bawlouts Now Sold At Administration Building
## 
### 
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
Bawlouts wjth academic standing
of all undergraduate students com
plete through the winter quarter are
now on sale in the Accounting Of
fice on the --econd floor of the Ad
ministration Building for 16 cuts.
All registered students for la.st
quarter and this quarter are listed
along with all faculty members and
technical assistants of the Univer
sity. A-survey of averages shows a
marked decrease of grade points this
quarter.
