# Sr. Ski Weekend Tickets Available
## 
### 
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
Tickels arc now available If) all
classes for the Senior Ski Week
Fnd, which will be held al Reno
this week end. Bus tickels. ban
quel tickets and motel space may
be purchased at Engineering Cor
ner.
No cancellations will be accept
ed after Wednesday, according to
Alice deary, Ski Week End chair
man.
Buses will leave Thursday at I
p.m. and will also provide trans
portation to the ski area from
Ueno.
