# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jan Rosengren, '57,
to Ray Dils, Theta Chi, '57.
