# Saturday Also Class Holiday
## 
### 
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
Those studious people whose
conscience would not permit
them to lengthen their Wash
ington's' Birthday weekend by
cutting Saturday classes need
worry no longer.
The University lias declared
both Friday and Saturday aca
demic holidays.
