# Vienna Choir Boys To Present Concert
## 
### 
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
The Vienna (*hf»ir Floys will pre
sent a benefit concert for the In
stitute of International Relations
Sunday, March 3, at 2:30 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets for the concert are on
sale at the AS.SIT Concert Series
box office for $1.50. $2 and $3.
All seats are reserved. Tickets
may be ordered by mail from the
box office, P.O. Rox 1151, "Stan
ford. Checks should be made pay
able to ASSU-lIR.
