# ROTH HOUSE
## 
### 
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
Roth House officers: Diane Ar
manko, president; Heather Alex
ander. vice-president; Joan Pal
ma, secretary; Sue Inglis, treas
urer; Pat Si lor, social chairman;
Joyce Wolfonden. Committee of
Eight; Joe Uihlcin, house mana
ger.
