# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
INDIANS*.
i
Indispensable—that’s
the appellation for the
classic blazer, the “in”
garment for the col
lege man, at practical
ly any function, day or
night, from the cam
pus command per
formance to the casual
after-hours date. As
expected, R A comes
through, with a tradi
tional 100% wool
flannel model. Ivy de
tailing—hook vent,
patch pockets, brass
buttons. Take your
choice, in olive, or
deep navy blue; 39.50
RQOS/ATKINS
B
B
B
*
*
