# Inexperienced Cardenal Tests Naranjo Veterans
## 
### ROCKY HIGGINS 
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
This Sunday at 1 p.m., untested
Cardenal and the veteran Naranja
sevens clash on the men’s intra
mural football field. In the bal
ance hangs the Woman’s Touch
Football Championship for 1962.
Defending champ Naranja is
relying upon a balanced running
and passing attack led by rookie
standout Ruth Rouse at tailback
and the ferocious blocking of re

turning lettermen Sandi Denius
and Genie Sharp.
CARDENAL has been working
intensively in recent weeks on
wide sweeps knowing they will
have a difficult time moving the
ball up the middle against the Na
ranja defensive line which aver
ages a shade under 220 pounds
per man. With 9.9 sprinter Sue
Bradley finally rounding Into
shape (his could pose a real
threat to the Naranja defensive
unit.
Defensive captain Aimee Dorr
is confident, however, that they
can contain the Cardenal running
game by playing their corner
backers up just off the line. But
there is question in some circles
that this move will leave the flats
unprotected. But Aimee is relying
on inexperience, recalling Car
denal captain Margie Merris’
challenge in which Margie is re
ported as saying, “by the way,
how do you play?”
OTHER STARTERS are: for
Naranja, Jean Doble, end; Sallie
Hart, end; and Pat Mahoney, cen
ter; for Cardenal, Barbara Bliss
and Jan Bauer, blocking backs;
Gretchen Maaske and Carolyn
Patten, ends; and Harriett Rid
len, center.
