# Street Crossing at Post Office.
## 
### 
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
Treasurer Lathrop is having a
four-foot concrete crossing construct
ed across Lasuen Street in front of
the Post Office.
