# BUSH NATIONAL HEAD
## 
### 
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
Chilton R. Bush, chairman of the
Stanford department of journalism
was elected president of the Ameri
can Association of Schools and De
partments of Journalism, at a con
vention of the organization held it
Des Moines, la., last month.
