# Dr. Lee to Talk To Luncheon Club
## 
### 
Speaking before the Wednesday
Luncheon Club at noon today, Dr.
Russell Van Arsdale Lee of Palo
Alto will discuss "Why I Joined the
Navy." The Luncheon Club meets
weekly in the Nitery in the Old
Union.
A prominent Palo Alto physician,
Dr. Lee was a leader in the local
chapters of the Committee to De
fend America by Aiding the Allies
and the Fight for Freedom Commit
tee. Immediately following the
American war declaration, he ac
cepted a commission in the U.S.
Navy.
Dr. Lee is well known on the
campus, having addressed several
student groups. He received his
M.D. degree here in 1920. Lunch
Club meetings are informal; lunch
costs 30 cents.
