# A.F.L. WAGE INCREASE
## 
### 
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Approximately 6.000 A.F.L. building
and construction workers in the
Portland area were granted wage
increases ranging to 18 cents an hour
in a peaceful agreement reached to-
