# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
Since Excom's starting time was
delayed last night until 9 p.m. be
cause of sorority rushing, other
routine business taken up by the
committee will be covered in to
morrow's Daily.
