# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
There are still tickets available
for the Duranty lecture tonight.
They may be secured for 55 cents
(tax included) at the A.S.S.U. of
fice and the Peninsula Box Office
in Palo Alto until 5 o'clock today.
They will also be on sale at Me
morial Hall tongiht from 7:15 on.
