# An Discussion In Gallery Today
## 
### 
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
John La Plante, instructor in art,
will discuss abstract paintings hy
Hay Area artists today in the Thom
as Wellon Stanford Ail Gallery,
where the paintings are now on ex
hibition.
The' talk will begin at 4:15 p.m.
and wil! be open to the public with
out charge. The gallery is located
across the street from the History
| cornel'.
The exhibition of recent abstract
paintings will be in the Gallery un
i til Sunday. The paintings were re
i -ently exhibited at. the San Fran
j eisco Museum of Art.
