# Adv. 42 Page 4
## 
### 
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
more body
in the blend
;p more flavor
in the smoke
more taste
through the filter
It s tbe rich-flavor leaf that docs it! Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more
longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And L&M’s
filter is the modern filter all white, Inside and outside —so only pure white
touches your lips, L&M’s the filler cigarette for people who really like to smoke.
