# Estes, Fairbanks French Honored
## 
### 
Stanford Profs. William K. Es
tes, William M. Fairbank, and C.
Stacy French, were elected to
membership in the National
Academy of Sciences recently at
the Academy of Sciences recently
at the academy’s annual meeting
in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Estes, a professor of psy
chology, recently received the
$lOOO Distinguished Scientific
Contribution Award of the Amer
ican Psychological Associatoin.
Dr. Fairbank, a professor of
physics, won the $5OOO California
Scientist of the Year Award in
1902, and recently received the
$lOOO Oliver E. Buckley Solid-
State Physics Prize of the Ameri
can Physical Society.
Dr. French is director of the
Carnegie Institution’s Depart
ment of Plant Biology located on
the University campus, and a
courtesy professor of biology at
Stanford.
