# Rome
## 
### 
ROME, Oct. 27 (UP).-Italy's So
cialist and Communist parties today
forgot their past differences and
united on an eight-point political
action pact by -which they hoped to
win control of the government in
next spring's parliamentary elec
tion.*;.
Announcement of the agreement
dampened rightist parties' hopes for
a split between the two mass work
ers' parties. The Christian Demo
cratic party thought a split, would
enable it to dominate a new govern
ment succeeding the present coali
tion government of Premier Alcide
de Gasperi.
Observers said the agreement an
swered the most important question
in Italian politics since the birth of
the republic in the June 2 elections
â€”will the Socialists and Commu
nists split on international issues
and make way for a strong rightist
government?
Communists and Socialists to
gether control roughly the same
number of votes and Assembly seats
as the Christian Democrats.
