# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
Latticed weave
loose box type
sweaters
• With either short or
long sleeves.
• In white, maize, heav
enly blue, dusty rose,
watermelon, and navy.
Sizes 34 to -44
$10 to $12.95
Wals-fcerfc
