# Wilbur Will Speak At Assembly Today
## 
### 
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
An all-University assembly will
be held tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the
auditorium of Memorial Hall
Chancellor Kay Lyman Wilbur will
address all new and old students
The faculty will be seated in the
audience and net on the stage as
has been customary in the past.
Nine o'clock classes will be dis
missed for the occasion, according
to the Committee on Public Exer
cises.
