# Companies E and F Plan July Dance
## 
### 
Personnel of Companies E and F
of Stanford's Army Specialized
Training Unit 3905 are making ar
rangements to sponsor a dance July
10 at the Women's Gym in coopera
tion with regularly enrolled Stan
ford students. At present plans are
being made to limit attendance to
500 couples.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Pfc. Tom Sawyer and
Pvt. Hans Mauksch of E and F com
panies, respectively, in cooperation
with Miss Dodie Crile and Dick Wil
bur.
Refreshments will be served and
entertainment and games are
planned. A male chorus singing a
song written by T/5 Carl Frutkoff
and Pvt. Russell Beierman of Com
pany E will be one of the main en
tertainment features.
