# Untitled Article
## 
### 

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.

(Acme Telephoto)
DURING Detroit's race rioting in which 23 persons were killed and at least 300 others were injured, white
rioters are shown pursuing a Negro across a crowded main street. The Negro's auto was stopped, over
turned, and burned and its owner was severely beaten.
