# Daily Schedules Staff Tryouts
## 
### 
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
With an opening welcome by Jane
Glasson, editor, the tryoutee period
of the Daily editorial staff will begin
next Monday at 4 p.m. in Room 8
of the Press Building. All new stu
dents and students interested in
journalism or working on The Dippy
are invited. Enthusiasm, not ex
perience is the necessary prerequi
site.
Barbara Stevens, Daily staff editor,
will issue pamphlets giving rules for
eopyreading and proofreading, and
tryoutees will be assigned hours to
work on the Daily copy desk on pub
lication nights during the two-week
tryout period.
Prospective t rvont.,»es are asked to
bring a sample of their writing abil
ity, preferably a feature or news
story on some aspect of Stanford.
Under the direction of Kay Ham
mond, Daily business manager, the
business staff will also begin their
tryoutee period next Monday with a
meeting at 3 p.m. in the Business
Office of the Daily Shack. Paying
positions are open on the staff for
tryoutees who show the required
ability. Again, enthusiasm and the
willingness to work, not experience,
are the prerequisites.
