# Engineering Changes.
## 
### 
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
In the past few weeks several
alterations have been made in the
laboratory of the Electrical En
gineering department. Three bi
polars have been removed from the
old power station to the Electrical
Engineering laboratory. They were
formerly used to light Encina, but
will hereafter be used by upper*
classmen for experimental services.
Several smaller experimental ma
chines, which were hurriedly re
moved from the Machine Shop last
spring, have been set up on the
testing floor.
The large transformers which
were sent away a few weeks ago for
repairs, have been returned and
will soon be installed in their reg
ular positions.
