# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
MATTACHINE REVIEW
is published by the Mattachine So
ciety, 693 Mission Street, San Fran
cisco, California, a nonprofit, non
partisan organization founded in the
public interest to provide true and
accurate information toward the so
lution of human sex problems, par
ticularly of the adult homosexual.
You can get this magazine every
month by mail in sealed, plain enve
lope.
Price $4 per year. Two sample
copics $1. •
