# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Baker, '61, to
Bob Schroeder, '60.
