# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
Returned to action against
Northwestern after being out
with a shsoulder injury. Long
est passer of the Indian quar
terbacks, and the only senior
thrower. Saw some action be
hind Douglas in '57, but still
needs experience. Directed the
only good Stanford drive Sat
urday, showing no effects of
his injury. Also drop-kicks.

Laid out last year after a
good frosh season, but has
come along well this season.
Made the traveling squad for
the Northwestern game and
saw action, principally on de
fense. Weight he has picked up
since his frosh year has helped
him; with two years yet re
maining, he should prove a key
man in Jack Curtice's plans.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MCOLET
Quarterback


DON PETIOR
Guard
