# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Every student should if possible
comply with the request of the
Kirmess Committee that students
attend in fancy costume. The af
fair is planned for the enjoyment
of the students as well as the pub
lie, and the student body should
co-operate in every way in order to
make the affair a success. A kir
mess is usually noted for its coloi
effects, and if every student who
attends would devise and wear
some fanciful costume the pictur
esqueness ftf the occasion would be
greatly increased. Those who are
planning to attend in costume
should report at once to the com
mittee on fancy costumes announced
last evening.
Every student should if possible
comply with the request of the
Kirmess Committee that students
attend in fancy costume. The af
fair is planned for the enjoyment
of the students as well as the pub
lie, and the student body should
co-operate in every way in order to
make the affair a success. A kir
mess is usually noted for its coloi
effects, and if every student who
attends would devise and wear
some fanciful costume the pictur
esqueness ftf the occasion would be
greatly increased. Those who are
planning to attend in costume
should report at once to the com
mittee on fancy costumes announced
last evening.
Every student should if possible
comply with the request of the
Kirmess Committee that students
attend in fancy costume. The af
fair is planned for the enjoyment
of the students as well as the pub
lie, and the student body should
co-operate in every way in order to
make the affair a success. A kir
mess is usually noted for its coloi
effects, and if every student who
attends would devise and wear
some fanciful costume the pictur
esqueness ftf the occasion would be
greatly increased. Those who are
planning to attend in costume
should report at once to the com
mittee on fancy costumes announced
last evening.
Every student should if possible
comply with the request of the
Kirmess Committee that students
attend in fancy costume. The af
fair is planned for the enjoyment
of the students as well as the pub
lie, and the student body should
co-operate in every way in order to
make the affair a success. A kir
mess is usually noted for its coloi
effects, and if every student who
attends would devise and wear
some fanciful costume the pictur
esqueness ftf the occasion would be
greatly increased. Those who are
planning to attend in costume
should report at once to the com
mittee on fancy costumes announced
last evening.
Every student should if possible
comply with the request of the
Kirmess Committee that students
attend in fancy costume. The af
fair is planned for the enjoyment
of the students as well as the pub
lie, and the student body should
co-operate in every way in order to
make the affair a success. A kir
mess is usually noted for its coloi
effects, and if every student who
attends would devise and wear
some fanciful costume the pictur
esqueness ftf the occasion would be
greatly increased. Those who are
planning to attend in costume
should report at once to the com
mittee on fancy costumes announced
last evening.
