# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA .1-1301 to place a
classified ail. Deadline is 5 p.m.
