# Spoils Car Club Organizes Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
The Stanford Sports Car Club will
meet tonight for the first time in
several years for an organizational
meeting.
The meeting will be held at 7:30
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Election of officers is scheduled.
All students are eligible to join
the group. Car .ownership is not a
requisite. For further information,
students may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
