# Winter One-Acts Tryouts Are Today
## 
### 
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
Tryouts begin tonight from 7 to 10
p.m. in Room 205 of Memorial Hall
for the Ram's Head 1956 Winter
One-Acts. They continue through
Friday night.
The plays to be cast range from a
"sentimental fantasy," "Morning
Child" by Robert Bergquist, to a
comic retelling of the Trolius and
Cressida story, "As True as Cres
sida" by John Benedict, to a mod
ern-dress melodrama "Chiaroscuro"
by Chuck Chesnut.
Directors for the productions are
Warner Lcßoy, Judy Doty and Ser
guey Kondratieff. Parts are avail
able for 13 men and six women.
