# FIRST-YEAR CAGERS WIN TWO VICTORIES IN WEEK-END TILTS
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team won its tenth and eleventh
straight victories of the season dur
ing the week-end by defeating the
Berkeley High School five 22 to 10
Friday night and the Sant Cruz High
quintet 35 to 12 Saturday night in
two slow games, both of which were
featured by poor shooting and a lack
of speed on the part of the Stanford
men.
In the Berkeley contest the visitors
were never far behind in the scoring,
the babes' teamwork being somewhat
upset by the use of a considerable
number of substitutes and a new start
ing line-up. The score at half time
was 12-6 in the yearlings' favor.
Mears and Hepp were outstanding for
the Cardinal team.
Saturday night's game was a repe
tition of the first event, the freshman
players winning from their faster op
ponents only because of their size
and strong defense. Joujon-Roche was
high-point man of the game with ten
tallies.
