# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
Introducing the
SILVER
JUNIOR
COTTONS
junior Means a Size
Not an Age
These are young fashions
for Juniors and
Women
Pure Silk Shantung
Cotto" and French
Ginghams
Look For he Name Silver
for Style
Sue Berry
' I Ramon.i
