# CHAPPIE OUT WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
First Chappie of the quarter yoes
on sale Wednesday for 25 cents.
