# THOMPSON PROMOTED
## 
### 
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
Wal!y Thompson has been ap
pointed Daily filler editoi.
