# Summer Grants For Latin Study Now Available
## 
### 
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
The Center for Latin
American Studies will again
offer th«> opportunity for a
small group of
undergraduates (primarily
juniors) to do individual
research in Latin America
during the summer. Grants
provide a travel allowance
and a living expense stipend.
In addition to the summer's
field experience students are
given training before
departure in a Spring Quarter
Preparation Seminar. The
following Fall Quarter a
paper is written from the
conclusions of the research.
Students from such
wide-ranging disciplines as
Psychology, Economics,
Communication, Education,
English, History, Human
Biology, and Anthropology
have participated in the
program. They have traveled
to ten different Latin
American countries.
| For information and
applications come by the
I Center for Latin American
I Studies, Bolivar House, 582
' Alvarado Row. The
| application deadline is 15
I January.
