# Fukukita Receives Scholarship.
## 
### 
Yasunosuke Fukukita, '04, has
been appointed to the scholarship
offered by the Harvard Club of San
Francisco, for the ensuing year.
Last year the position was held by
J. K. Bonnell, '08, now instructor
in English. Thin scholarship is
awarded annually to graduates of
either Stanford or California, for
the purpose of carrying on gradu
ate work at Harvard. Fukukita
had been appointed for work as
copyist on the new Chaucer Dic
tionary, now being compiled by
members of the Stanford faculty.
He was an English major while in
college, and registered from Tsu,
Japan. He was a member of the
Japanese Club and of the English
Club. It was due to his excellent
work in English that he was rec
ommended for the appointment.
