# Art Review
## Paintings Provide Mysterious Mood 
### BILL LIRANGE 
The current retrospective of
paintings by the surrealist Rene

Magritte, on exhibition at Berke
ley through October 30, is a
significant event for the Bay
Area, and should be seen. It is a
rare opportunity to get a com
prehensive look at the work of
one of the greatest artists of the
20th Century.
Magritte's paintings do not
strike in singular totality, but
stun with their emphatically
haunting subject matter. He
juxtaposes paradoxical imagery
which provokes and commands
attention, demanding that the
viewer re-evaluate preconcep
tions of what the painter puts
before him.
Closer examination of the
work hypnotizes and peristalti
cally, draws the participant even
deeper into the experience, only
to leave him precariously, with
out escape for lack of under
standing.
His work is as convincing as it
is ambiguous, so incredibly co
gent in fact, that question is
given to the existence of seem
ingly apparent contradictions. It
is at this point, when everything
is plausible and proper that,
through his metaphysical ico
nography, one is plunged into a
netherworld devoid of credibil
tricate reason.

ity. Here he challenges our abil
ity to believe, and only an exer
cise in dialectics can reinstate
our equilibrium.
The artist denies that his work
is symbolic. Refused this last
sanctuary, one finds normal pat
terns of logic are helpless to ex-
