# Untitled Article
## 
### 

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la

WAAC CHIEF - First Offi
cer (Captain) Elizabeth C
Strayhorn of Nashville,
renn., appointed directoi
of first WAAC training cen
ter. at Fort Des Moines la
