# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.

Ready to make three times as much trouble for the Japs and Germans as just one new soldier, triplets
William F., Robert J. and Henry L. Ad linger, of Springfield, New York, are shown receiving their uniforms
and equipment at an unnamed station. According to Army policy, they will be kept in the same outfit as
lone as possible.
