# Untitled Article
## 
### 

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.

This Coast Guard dog at the War Dog Reception Center. San Carlos. Calif., shows what he will do to sabo
teurs. Only a crack on the nose will make him let go. These doss assist the Coast Guardsmen in vital
patrol duties.
