# GRANT TO LIBRARY
## 
### 
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
The Hoover Institute and Library
has received a grant of $4,000 from
the Mid-European Studies Center in
New York to organize Slavic docu
mentary material for future re
search.
The Center is for research on the
Middle Zone of Europe and is spon
sored by the Free Europe Commit
tee.
The material, which originated
during World War 11, was collected
in Europe by agents of the Hoover
Library.
