# Barn Dance Friday
## 
### 
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
Mangini's Barn will be the loca
tion of an all-campus barn dance
Friday night sponsored by the AS
SU. Gary Long's combo will pro
vide the music after 8 p.m. There
will be no admission charge.
