# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
In order to sit in the Stanford
rooting section at the Varsity game,
every one must he provided with a
rooter's hat. Though the sale of these
has been in progress for several days,
many have as yet failed to secure
them. Before the close of the sale on
Saturday, the last chance to procure
these hats before the game, every
holder of a rooter's ticket should he
supplied with the regulation head
gear.
