# Summer Positions Available in AWS
## 
### 
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
AWS will begin interviews on
Tuesday for standing committee
chairmen and summer quarter of
ficers. They will continue through
Thursday and will be held at a
different living group each day.
Standing committee chairmen
must have junior or senior stand
ing next year. Positions to be
filled are Elections Committee
chairman, who must be a senior;
Social Regulations Committee,
and Housing Committee chair
men.
Summer quarter officers to be
chosen are president, vice-presi
dent and social chairman, secre
tary-treasurer and Women's
Council.
Interviews will bo held at La
gunita Court on Tuesday from
4:15 to 6 p.m. for Lagunita worn
men. Wednesday interviews will
be for Union, the units and Ven
tura. and will be held at Union
from 6:45 to 10.
Final interviews will be Thurs
day from 4:15 to 6 p.m. for the
Row and will be at the AWS of
fice.
