# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
Lavvson Bros.
CLEANERS
• Pick up «ind delivery
4 times daily
10%
SAVING
ON CASH AND
CARRY
• Leave your suits and
dresses off
ON YOUR WAY
TO TOWN
853 Alrrs Ph 5611 j
