# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
NOLDE & HORST
Three thread afternoon
sheer stocking in six new
fall shades.
TANHAZE
FRESCO
FAWNTAUPE
MISTY MAUNE
SIERRA
BROWNWINE
$1.00 pair
or
3 pairs for $2.85
Walsterj-;
M.nonic Temple Bldg.
