# NORWAY BANS ROTARIES
## 
### 
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
OSLO, Norway, Oct. 3 (UP). —
Dissolution of all Norwegian Rotary
Clubs was announced officially to
day .It was announced that in the
future Norwegian youth would be
trained along lines patterned after
the German labor organization.
