# Wilbur Urges Clubs to Join Party Groups
## 
### 
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
Clarifying the University's stand
on campus political organizations,
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday
declared that he would "prefer"
Willkie-for-Prcsident and Roose
velt College Clubs of America to
align themselves with Young
Democratic and Republican groups
already existing.
In other words, Dr. Wilbur said
that he recommended simply party
groups rather than clubs supporting
one individual.
WILBUR OBJECTS
When asked whether or not he
would object to the formation of a
Stanford chapter of a certain na
tional organization supporting one
of the major party candidates, Dr.
Wilbur replied:
"That's just what we don't want."
In a sense President Wilbur's
statement reverses the Administra
tion's policy, for political groups
supporting individual candidates for
President have appeared on the
campus several times in the past.
REVERSAL OF POLICY
In the 1928 election in which Her
bert Hoover was the victorious can
didate over A1 Smith, Hoover-for-
President, Smith-for-President, and
Thomas-for-President clubs were
active.
When Hoover sought re-election
in 1932, clubs for two of the candi
dates were organized, while in 1936
a trend toward calling the clubs by
the party affiliations of their can
didates wag noted. Young Republi
can and Young Democratic clubs
became active in that year.
