# STANFORD EPISCOPAL CLUB MEETS TO HEAR SPEAKER
## 
### 
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
The Stanford Episcopal Club an
nounced today that they will have
their Student Holy Communion at 8
o'clock Sunday morning at the parish
house at Hamilton and Waverly,
followed by breakfast. That eve
ning Professor Carl Brandt, well
known international student, will
speak, after a light supper at 6
o'clock. This will all be followed
by church services.
