# SUSPECT HELD
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3 (UP).—Police
tonight held Willie Nash, 32-year
old liquor store salesman, as a sus
pect in the fatal shooting of Clar
ence Cole, 38, and wounding of Jack
Waterford, 30. Authorities said the
I three men argued over disappear
ance of a pint of whisky from the
store.
