# Campus Groups To Greet French Naval Officers
## 
### 
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
Major students of the French de
partment, the French Club, and
others of the students and faculty
will meet at the Memorial arch to
morrow afternoon to welcome a
group of fifty midshipmen and of
ficers from the Jeanne D'Arc,
French training .ship now in San
Francisco bay for a week's stay.
