# OKEH NEW SPEEDWAY
## 
### 
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
A new auto racing plant built by
the Silver Gate Speedway associa
tion at San Diego has received
Triple A sanction for its programs.
