# OVERTURE FROM WEBER ON ALLEN'S PROGRAM
## 
### 
The overture to the opera "Eury
anthe" by Weber will be played by
\Vurren D. Allen at his organ recital
in the Memorial Church at 4 o'clock
Thursday afternoon. Carl Maria von
"Weber was the founder of the German
romantic opera. His first work, "Der
Freischutz," was performed in 1821
and was the first national German
opera. "Euryanthe," which followed in
1823, and a somewhat ridiculous plot
but excellent music. The overture is
popular as a concert number and will
also be played by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra in its concert at
Stanford on February 16.
"Passacaglia and Fugue in C Minor"
toy J. S. Bach will open the recital.
The Passacaglia is an old dance of
the type in which' many of the com
positions of the classical school of
music were written. It is in triple
time.
"Fireside Sketches" by J. S. Cloakey
completes the program.
