# MARTIN DISCUSSES MYTHS
## 
### 
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
Dr. E. W. Martin discussed the study
ond interpretation of the Greek myths
at the meeting of the Classical Club
held last night in the Women's Club
house. Refreshments and music com
pleted the program.
