# SIGMA DELTA CHI TO MEET
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
Sigma Delta Chi, national journal
istic fraternity, will hold a general
business meeting at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow night in the Press building.
All members are urged to be present.
