# NEW REPORTERS FETE D.P.A. STAFF TONIGHT
## 
### 
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
A banquet for the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will be given by the new
reporters tonight at the Alpha Omi
cron Pi house. The banquet will start
at 8 o'clock and will be preceded by
dancing. Phil Brooks' orchestra has
been engaged for the evening.
Novel features are being planned in
the decorations, under the direction
of Lynn Bramkamp, Clifford Weigle,
and Ruth Jordan, in addition to a skit
which has been written by them for
the occasion. This banquet is an an
nual affair, sponsored each year by
the new members of the staff.
More than fifty are expected to at
tend tonight, including Wallace W.
Knox, retiring editor of the D.P.A.,
John N. Levi, newly elected editor,
Basil McGann, editor of this year's
Quad, and Professors Everett Smith
and Buford Brown of the Journalism
department. Knox will be toastmaster.
