# CLASS DINNERS PLANNED
## 
### 
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
"Dinner Week,'' the annual fresh
man-sophomore fight at Columbia Uni
versity, will have twelve restrictive
rules to govern the banquets this year.
These class dinners must be held
within a specified four days, each
class trying to keep members of the
other class from attending their own
banquet. The rules will restrict the
fight to the underclasses, and will pre
vent either class from getting help
from the police.
