# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Executive Committee has
decided not to offer a prize for the
best football song this year, on the
ground that our best songs have not
been written for lucre but for pa
triotism. The real object for which
song-writers have striven in the
past may not have been the money
prize alone; on the other hand, it
has not been abstract '"patriotism"
alone, but it is altogether possible
that in leaving only the patriotism
as an inducement, the Executive
Committee has withdraw what was
really the stronger motive of the
two. The greatest cause of the
production of football songs lias
been, we believe, the prize; not
possible so much for its intrinsic
value as for its value as a token of
victory. The main value of the
prize lias been that it aroused coin
petition. l'nless something more
definite than ''patriotism" is sub
stituted to insure the continuation
of the competition, it is a question
whether the money saved will not
prove ill earned.
