# "R. U. R." TRYOUTS
## 
### 
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
The following people are to ap
pear in the Assembly hall tonight
at 7 o'clock for final tryouts:
Helen Lewis, Virginia Graves,
Josephine Piggott, Dorothy Dah
ler. Phil Urner, Charles Parks,
Delmer Daves, Kenneth McDou
gal, Sarteu Prentice, Finlay Mc-
Dermid, Will Marryman, Kenneth
Ferguson, Barbara Eubanks, Wil
liam Thornton, Guy Holliday, Gor
don Shallenberger, Oliver Wil
lard, John Wiggin, Frederick
Richman, Frank Greene, Kenneth
Chantry, Paul • FassOtt, Frank
Feliz, Grove Day, Bill Hunkins,
Fenton Barrett, Horace Dryden.
The cast will be announced to
morrow night.
