# Final Tryout to Be Held By Schubert Club Tuesday
## 
### 
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
Schubert club will hold its fianl try
outs for the benefit of those who were
unable to report during last week to
morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Women's clubhouse.
The club is still very anxious for a
much larger chorus, and hopes that all
women, particularly freshmen, who
have not yet tried out, will report to
morrow. If anyone is unable to get
there at the hour set and would like to
try out, special arrangements can be
made by calling Maria Anderson at the
Alpha Phi house.
The work is beginning with Bcndell's
cantata, "The I.ady of Slialott," after
Tennyson's poem.
