# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
Columbia University expects to start
work soon on a $1,000,000 athletic
stadium.
