# FRATERNITY CHAMPIONSHIP GAME TOMORROW AFTERNOON.
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
Tomorrow afternoon, Delta Upsilon
and Delta Tan Delta will meet on the
turf diamond to decide the interfrater
nity baseball championship. Neither
team has been defeated during the
series, and the final game promises to
he a fast one.
Delta Tan Delta decisively defeated
Delta Kappa Epsilon in the semi-final
interfraternity baseball same yester
day afternoon by a score of 13 to 2.
Coleman started to twirl for the loos
ers, but was relieved by Shattuck after
the winners had scored 10 runs. Shat
tuck and Robb were on the receiving
end. Barnett and Elliott formed the
victorious battery.
