# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I PHtLP' TfC KFL
JUST IN!
Fleischman
DENIMS
Faded Blue and Mint Green—wilh
white trim
Disciplincd-fmibh for easy washing
Sizes 8 to I 8
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
