# R.A. Positions Open for 48
## 
### 
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
Applications for 48 Resident.
Assistant positions in non-fresh
man University residences aie
available today in the Dean of
Men's office, Assistant Dean of
Men David Larimer said yester
day.
Final selection will be made
about April 13.
Larimer emphasized that appli
cants for these jobs should have
a strong academic record, full
time non-student experience, and
a desire to work with undergrad
uate students.
