# Watson to Dance
## 
### 
A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

A wee l»if of the Highland Fling" is given out by Bobby Watson,
champion Scottish dancer, who will perform at tonight's Tuesday
livening Hleries. Currently 011 tour in the U.S. and Canada, Watson
lias won many prizes in national competition besides conducting
liis own dancing school in Aberdeen. The free program begins at
7:30 in Memorial Hail under the sponsorship of the Committee on
rublic Exercises.

