# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.

THIRD PRESIDENT—PIaster statue of Thomas Jefferson in
rotunda of Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D. C. Sculptor
Rudolph Evans is observing his work. After war, bronze will
replace plaster statue.
