# Stern Hall to Hold Annual Spring Formal
## 
### 
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
Stern Hall will hold its annual
spring formal from 9 to 1 Saturday
night at the San Jose Country Club.
The dance will have "Blue Cham
pagne" ss its theme and will fea
ture the music of Howard Fredric
and his orchestra. Tickets for the
closed dance are $3 a couple and
may be bought from the wing social
chairmen.
