# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

Fair today and
tomorrow. Cooler
today with li i fif H
70 - 78; low to- j
nijflit. 43-49. West
erly wind 7-12
inpli afternoons.

