# Scotch Folk Dance
## 
### 
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
The Stanford Folkdancers will
sponsor a session of elementary in
struction in Scottish folk dance at
7:30 p.m. in the Village Auditorium.
