# WARREN ALLEN GIVES ORGAN RECITAL TODAY
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will give his Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
at 4:15 this afternoon. The program
will contain two sketches by Schu
mann, two chorale preludes by Bach
and Reger, a carrillon by Vierne,
based upon a bell melody, and a con
cert overture by J. H. Rogers, an
American composer.
