# DELTA CHI HORSESHOE TEAM BEATS EL TORO IN MATCH YESTERDAY
## 
### 
Delta Chi defeated El Toro in the
only one of the four scheduled horse
shoe matches played yesterday. Theta
Chi won on a default over Phi Gamma
Delta yesterday noon. Les Arcos, Al
pha Tau Omega, Kappa Alpha, and
Encina 2E lost on double defaults.
Winning two straight doubles
matches the Delta Chi's opened tour
nament competition against El Toro.
Salsman and Biaggini defeated Brown
and Garner of El Toro 16-21, 21-19,
21-19 in the first match of the con
test. In the second match Demotte
and Galbraith lost to Robinson and
McAdoo of the fraternity team 21-13,
16-21, 21-13. El Toro ran up a score
of 10 points before the Delta Chi
team started action. Six ringers in
succession placed them far toward
their victory.
Charles W. Davis, Director of Intra
mural Sports, announced yesterday
that all teams must report for their
matches. A team, defaulting in this
tournament, will be penalized in the
coming intramural contests.
