# Senior Cabinet of Y.W.C.A. Meets for Supper Tonight
## 
### 
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
Senior Y.W.C.A. Cabinet will meet
tor dinner tonight at 6 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. It plans to com
plete arrangements for an open meet
ing of the Y.W.C.A. to be held next
Tuesday night. Shizu Ishikawa from
Tokio, Japan, who is a member of the
National Committee of Japan, and
Leslie Blanchard, '12, will be the
speakers at the meeting. Miss Blanch
ard is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority.
