# SCHWARTZ CHOSEN VICE-PRESIDENT OF LANGUAGE SOCIETY
## 
### 
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
Professor William Leonard Sch
wartz, of the Romanic Language
Department has recently been
clected vice-president for the West
of the American Association of
Teachers of French, the election be
ing by mail ballot.
Professor Schwartz has just com
pleted a study for the National
Federation of Modern Language
Teachers, an affiliated organization.
As chairman of the committee, with
Lawrence A. Wilkins, of the New
York City High Schools, and Arthur
Gibbon Bovee,- University of Chi
cago, he conducted a survey on vo
cational opportunities "for foreign
language students.
This survey, which points out oc
cupations in which a knowledge of
foreign language is a primary re
quirement, such as American for
eign service and foreign government
service, and occupations in which
foreign languages are a distinct ad
vantage or a secondary requirement,
such as foreign trade, foreign cor
respondent and social service, will
be of value to students who are
planning a college course with some
definite future in view.
