# DEER HUNTER SHOOTS BOY
## 
### 
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 18 (#l—Jess
Page, 14, was shot and seriously
wounded Sunday by a hunter who
apparently mistook him for a deer.
