# PETROLEUM FIRS TO EMERGE FROM ECONOMIC SLOUGH
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (£>)
President Hoover was told today bj
the Federal Oil Conservation Boa d
that the American oil industry "giv
indications of being the first ba*.
industry to emerge from the wor
depression."
The board coupled with this e
pression in its annual report to t
chief executive a warning to t e
petroleum world that "continu !
stability will depend largely on tne
situation in the East Texas are;i
and urged a strengthening of coi
trol and conservation measui
through joint interstate and Fedei
efforts.
Crude Prices Advanced
After reporting that crude •.1
prices at the end of the first i
months of 1932 were twice the levi
of a year ago and five times the
1931 lows, the board continued:
"The effects of the industry's ris
ing purchasing power are beginning
to be felt.
'"East Texas was fin 1 many months
the greatest potential asset and the
greatest current liability of the oil
industry. The behavior of this area
during the autumn of 1932 and the
succeeding' winter will be a major
factor in the industry's rise or re
cession.
"The permanency of the present
improvement will, therefore, depend
largely on whether the State co-op
eration manifested in the produc
tion compact of September, 1931, and
in the creation of the oil States'
advisory committee, is continued on
a permanent basis through an in
terstate compact, or is x'elaxed as
conditions improve."
