# SEAT SALE
## 
### 
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
Tickets for "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to he presented in the
Assembly Ilall the evenings of
August 13, 14. and 15, and the af
ternoon of Saturday, August 15,
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Stanford Union and
at Sherman Clay in San Fran
cisco.
The ticket price scale ranges
from $1.50 for front orchestra
seats to $1 for middle orchestra
and front balcony to 50 and 25
cents for rear orchestra and bal
cony locations.
