# ON RELAY TEAM
## 
### 

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.

Hec Dyer, ex-Stanford sprinter, will
run the third lap on the United States
400-meter relay team. The others will
be Toppino of Loyola, Kiesel of Cali
fornia, and Wvkoff of U.S.C.
