# OSBORNE RETURNS FROM DUKE
## 
### 
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
George E. Osborne, professor of law
at Stanford University, has returned
from Duke University in North Caro
lina. Professor Osborne was an acting
professor at Duke for the past year.
