# 29 Establish Advice Croup
## 
### 
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
Twenty-nine presidents and top
executives of several nationally
prominent companies have been
appointed to the newly estab
lished Advisory Council to the
Stanford Graduate School of
Business.
Formation of the council is the
most recent step in a strengthen
ing program instituted by Dean
Ernest C. Arbuckle since his ap
pointment last year.
"The Council will review the
school's progress and objectives,
providing constructive criticism
and stimulating continuing self
examination," Dean Arbuckle
stated.
"A board of advisers is appro
priate for a school whose educa
tional processes must anticipate
the rapid changes expected in
business activity and industrial
organizations in the period
ahead."
