# Tirrell Made Ass't Chaplain
## 
### 
John Tirrell, a 19;~>.i Stanford
graduate, was recently appointed
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church.
After graduating from Stan
ford as a French major, Chaplain
Tirrell went to the Episcopal
Theological Seminary in Alexan
dria, Virginia, and last year he
studied History of Christian AÂ»t
and Theology in Marburg, Ger
many.
His work will be to assist Chap
lain Minlo in making Memorial
Church a living center of student
religion. He welcomes any stu
dents who would like to stop in
the Church Office to talk with
him.
Chaplain Tirrell was amazed to
find the many changes in the
Stanford camp us. One - way
streets, the new Medical Center,
and almost 4,000 students have
been added since he was here.


JOHN TEH KILL
New Assistant Chaplain
