# Student Art Sale
## 
### 
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
The Stanford Student Art
Association is sponsoring an
art sale in Ihe Art Depart
ment this week.
The sale is of student work
done in and out of class. It
is of miscellaneous size, qual
ity and price, and is an an
swer to requests by dormito
ries and private students for
student art.
