# LAW GRAD MARRIES
## 
### 
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
R. Kenneth Skeen, Chi Psi, was
married Monday night to Miss Myrtle
Fishman at Wichita, Kansas. Skeen
was a graduate law student here for
the year 1926-27.
