# Army Air Bombing Base To Be At Santa Venetia
## 
### 
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6. (#>)—The
establishment of an army air bombing
base at Santa Venetia near here was
indicated here today when Robert N.
Carson Jr., champion of the super
visors' special airport committee, re
ceived a telegram from Congressman
Clarence Lea asking that all offers
relative to the site be sent to the
War Department at once.
