# Moot Court Trial Briefs For Tuesday Debate Due
## 
### 
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
Competitive moot court trial briefs
are due today for cases of Brock and
Janda vs. A. Levy and Lyman, and
Carroll and Duniway vs. Gilbert and
Evans. One copy of all briefs must be
given to John Hamlin Jr., chairman of
the moot court board, and one copy to
the opponents.
First competitive moot court finals
will be held in the law building Tues
day night. Parker and Badger will be
opposed by Cat heart and Holbrook,
and Levi and Elias by McElvenny and
Brock and Janda vs. A. Levy and
Lyman, and Carroll and Duniway vs.
Gilbert and Evans will be held.
