# JAPANESE IMPROVE HOUSE
## 
### 
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
Over $4,000 will be spent this quar
ter on interior decoration and other
improvements for the Japanese club
house. New furniture has been pur
chased and a new driveway and ce
ment walks are nearing completion.
