# Johnson Will Speak at Services.
## 
### 
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
At the vesper service in the chapel
tomorrow evening. Professor O. M,
Johnston, of the French department,
will make the address. The service
begins at 7 P. M.and ends at 7:30.
