# Women Tie Odessa, Albert In Pan-Ams
## 
### BECKY BRINEGAR 
Stanford's women's tennis
team tied with Odessa (Tex.)
Junior College for the USLTA
national intercollegiate tennis
title for women during a tour
nament held at Stanford last
June 20-24.
Julie Anthony and Jane Albert
teamed to win the doubles com
petition, defeating the number
one seeded team of Patsy Rippy
and Becky Vest of Odessa.
Consolation Win
Patsy Rippy won the singles
title. Miss Anthony and Miss
Albert both lost in the semi
finals.
Two other members of the
Stanford team, Kate Ellis and
Becky Brinegar, won the conso
lation doubles during the tour
nament, defeating Margaret Sis
son and Linda Masden from UC
Berkeley.
Stanford-in-Winnipeg
In other action during the
summer, Miss Albert joined a
host of other Stanford athletes
in Winnipeg to compete in the
Pan American Games.

Miss Albert teamed with
Arthur Ashe of the U.S. men's
team to win the mixed doubles
competition, defeating Ecuador
and then Mexico in a three set
final.
Doubles Gold
Unsatisfied with one gold me
dal, Miss Albert teamed with
her previous foe, Miss Rippy, to
win the women's doubles gold
medal, defeating Ecuador in the
finals.
In what must have been a
marathon performance, Miss Al
bert also took third in the wom
en's singles, placing behind Miss
Rippy and the winner, Elena
Subirats of Mexico.
(Editor's Note: Women Sports
will usually be run in THE
DAILY under the traditional
headline of "Broadside." Any
women interested in covering;
women's sports for DAILY
sports should fill in an applica
tion at THE DAILY Office. The
wide range of sports now offer
ed makes greater coverage man
datory.)


Stanford water poloist John
Parker practices a shot in prep
aration for the '67 season. The
varsity faces the Alumni tomor
row morning at 10 o'clock in En
cina pool.

Daily Photo by George Scbmitten
