# Daily Staff Meeting Sunday
## 
### 
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
A general meeting for all per
sons interested in working on
The Stanford Daily will be held
this Sunday at 2 p.m. The meet
ing will be in room 320 in Geol
ogy corner.
All Night Editors and Assist
ant Night Editors should come
to the Dally office at 3:30 Sun
day for an organizational meet
ing.
