# G. and M. Initiates Tonight
## 
### 
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
Geology and Mining Society will in
itiate fourteen members at a meeting
to be hsld in El Toro Club rooms this
evening.
