# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
President L. H. Dodds of tlie fresh
man class announced the following
committee for the 1919 jolly-up at a
meeting held today: K. B. Blabon,
chairman; E. Pedley, G. Glover, N. H.
Petree, R. Herdman, G. Maple, and C.
Wetherby. A meeting will he held
Friday to determine the date of the
informal.
