# MORE ASSEMBLIES?
## 
### 
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
Count of attendance will he tak
en at today's assembly, to de
termine whether further assem
blies would be warranted or
popular.
