# DAMES MEET
## 
### 
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
All wives of students attending
Stanford, married women students,
and former Dames are invited to at
tend a musical tea which will be
given today at 3 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse by the Stanford
Dames.
