# UP ROOM DEPOSITS?
## 
### 
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
University officials are debating
whether men's room deposits should
be upped or stricter enforcement of
present regulations be instituted to
assure that students making deposits
will occupy the room set aside for
them.
With the housing shortage still
critical, action may be taken before
winter quarter to improve the situ
ation.
