# LOS GATOS AIDS WOMEN'S UNIT
## 
### 
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
In order to solicit contributions for
the Stanford women's relief unit which
is to go to France under the auspices
of the Red Cross, a meeting will be
held at Los (latos tomorrow. Miss
Ruth Seeley, *13, who is connected
with the work in Los Gatos, is ar
ranging for the meeting. Among those
who are scheduled to speak are Pro
fessor E. B. Krehbiel, J. E. McDowell,
Miss Edith Mirrielees, and Miss Mar
garet Lothrop.

A letter received by Mr. McDowell
from Miss Alice Rogers Hagar, '13,
tells "of the work for the unit in New
York. It says that a meeting was held
there in the Majestic Theater build
ing at which Will Irwin. '99, and
Arcliie Rice, '9, r >, spoke, asking that
(he New York alumni help raise funds
to send the unit across. Considerable
enthusiasm was shown, and a sub
stantial amount was raised bv popular
subscription.
