# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
Students recommended to the R. O.
T. C. camp at the Presidio in San
Francisco will receive their trans
portation to and from home, their uni
forms, and subsistence at the expense
of the government. The men will re
ceive one month's training under a
corps of government instructors.
Applications for the camp were filed
Friday after drill. Stanford will be
allowed seventy-seven men and they
will he selected by May 15. The suc
cessful ones will report at the Pre
sidio on June 3.
