# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
NATIONALLY KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
(For 20 years at Hotel
Del Monte)
has removed his studio
to
Allied Arts Guild
Mcnlo Park
Portraits Weddings
P.A. 9736
Home Cooked
Food
Orders Taken
Chop Suey
Chicken Pies
Chili-
Spaghetti
Tamalc Pies
Stuffed Eggs
Salads
Sandwiches
Jle (jo lit met
FOOD SHOP
LUNCH COUNTER
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Avenue
Phone 2-3153
Ropesters
RATION FREE
By Sandler of
Boston
You can count on real
foot comfort too. De
signed to conserve ma
terials vital to the war
effort. Most wanted col
ors.
Price 3.95
