# Dean Requests 100 4F's to Give Draft Status
## 
### 
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
Only 100 of the University's 20(1
1-F's had reported to Dean John
Runn's office by last night, the of
fice has reported.
It is imperative that those 4-F's
who have not done so already, re
port to Dean Bunn and give him
information regarding their status
with their draft board. The request
for tins information has been made
because of the many letters re
ceived from draft boards asking
for information on the students.
