# Elsasser Will Review Tango, Rumba Tonight
## 
### 
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Henry Elsasser, dance instructor
from London, will review the tango
and the basic rumba steps this eve
ning from 8:M to 10:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
