# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
The Black Panther, a heavy field
artillery piece, weighs 34 tons when
in firing position.
