# Semester Illness Should Be Reported
## 
### 
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
The Committee on Delinquent Schol
arship announces that all students
whose University work, during the
past semester, has been seriously af
fected by illness, should confer at
once with the committee chairman.
His office hours are from 11:15 to
12:1") daily, in room 443, Zoology
building.
