# TENNIS SCHEDULE TO GO TO SEMI-FINALS
## 
### 
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
Thursday's schedule calls for the
fifth round of the semi-finals of the
Murray Tennis Tournament. The win
ner of the Davis-Holman match will
play Burough over the winner of the
Metz-Little sets. Cavanaugh will play
Weller and Gohlstone matches with
Neer The winner of these two sets
will play the winner of the Fisli-
Crosby match. Fish won the middle
county champiship last Saturday at
Monterey.
