# COMMUNITY CHURCH IS PALO ALTO PLAN
## 
### 
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
Plans for a community church during
the summer vacation were made recently
at a meeting of men from the various
Protestant congregations. Union serv
ices every Sunday evening during the
summer will be used as a test of the
feasibility of the community fhurch
idea in Palo Alto, and will probably be
the forerunner, it was announced by J.
U. Simmons, pastor of the Methodist
Church, of a more complete trial of the
plan.
