# PROFESSOR H.J. HALL FINISHES BOSTON WORK
## 
### 
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
Professor H. J. Hall, of the English
Department, is expected to arrive on
the. campus in a few weeks, having been
absent on leave during this quarter. He
will give courses in the English Depart
ment during the summer quarter. Hall
has just completed research work in the
Boston libraries, where he has been en
gaged for some time, and is now spend
ing a brief vacation in central New
York.
