# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza ot night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
' >■
