# ATKINSON ADDRESSES JUNIPERO SERRA CLUB
## 
### 
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
Frank Wni. Atkinson, Jr., former pres
ident of the Catholic Club at the Univer
sity of Michigan, spoke at a meeting of
the Junipero Serra Club held last night
in the Women's Clubhouse on the general
subject of "Catholic Clubs."
The club has decided to give a 7 to 8
o'clock dance in the Women's Clubhouse
on December 6. On December 15, it will
hold a meeting to discuss Judge Ben
Lindsey.
