# STANFORD ALUMNI IN NEW YORK ENTERTAIN DR. AND MRS. WILBUR
## 
### 
President and Mrs. Wilbur were
Hie guests of the Stanford Club of
New York, New Jersey, and Connecti
cut last night at an informal recep
tion in the Hotel Pennsylvania of New
York City.
Dr. Wilbur's eastern trip is largely
in connection with his position as an
educator. While in New York he is
attending committee meetings of the
Institute of Pacific Relations, of
which he is chairman. President Wil
bur is also chairman of the executive
committee on the Cost of Medical
Care which is holding two sessions
during his stay.
Meetings of the Association of
American Universities will delay Dr.
Wilbur in Washington, D.C., for three
days. The president plans to return
to California immediately after this
gathering, arriving in San Francisco
November 16.
