# Los Arcos Is Defeated by Branner Team in Handball
## 
### 
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
In the first match of the Intramural
handball tournament, Figel and Marx,
playing for Branner, won over Los
Arcos, 21-6; 21-18.
All first-round matches will be
played this week; second-round
matches next week; semi-finals and
finnls the third week. The deciding
match is scheduled for November 16
at 5 o'clock.
