# Bandaged ankle benches Belton
## 
### 

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.

—Daily photo by Rob Ericson

Stanford forward Kimberly Belton, sidelined by an in
jured ankle, looks on as the Cards and Cal ended their
seasons Saturday night in Berkeley. After Belton was
injured in the second naif in rebounding traffic under the

basket, the Cards saw a six-point lead evaporate into a
five-point deficit. But the Cards came back to pull out a
one-point win.
See page 4 for game story.
