# Bitter UN Debate
## 
### 
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., March
2 â€” The United States and Russia
bitterly accused each other today
of prolonging the Korean war and
using "Asian soldiers as cannon
fodder."
Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Y.
Vishinsky assailed the Eisenhower
administration as a government
bent on world war in a 94-minute
United Nations diatribe obviously
meant lor heavy propaganda effect
in Asia.
But the United States new chief
delegate, Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr.,
rose at once and hotly countered
the old Russian's shouted charges.
It is Russia, "not we, who have
used Asians as cannon-fodder," he
declared.
Vishinsky told the UN. political
committee that President Eisen
hower's deneutralizing of Formosa
was "clear evidence" of American
desire to expand the Far East con
flict.
He aiso charged that the "Ameri
can death merchants" and "million
aires who do not give a hoot" figure
that by pitting Asians against
Asians they can minimize the dan
ger to Americans.
