# Men's Housing Signups Slated
## 
### 
Signups for Village and off-cam
pus men inteersted in living in
Stern or Toyon halls during spring
quarter will take place Thursday
between 8 and 5.
Cards will be available in the
Housing Office, Room 101-A, Inner
Quad. Men may sign up for both
Stern and Toyon, but must indicate
their first choice.
Club men and men who have not
completed 45 units of work or who
have not been in attendance this
quarter are not eligible for the
signup.

Signups for the transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will be held in all campus
residences tomorrow. All cards
must be signed on that date. Men
failing to fill out transfer of room
deposit cards will lose their room
asisgnments for spring quarter.
