# Graduation Programs On Sale at Bookstore
## 
### 
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
Graduation day programs and
senior announcements will be on
sale for the rest of the week at
the Bookstore.
Programs are 51.50 each and
announcements sell for 15 cents
each.
