# FROSH SWIM MEET
## 
### 
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
The powerful freshman swimming
squad will be after its second win
of the season today when it meets
Sequoia High School at 4 in the En
cina Pool. Previously the Papooses
drowned the San Jose State frosh
69-15.
