# Turks Sink Passenger Steamers.
## 
### 
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
Bucharest, Nov. 5. —The Turkish
warships sank two Russian passenger
steamers in the Black Sea today, after
first forcing the passengers and crews
into the lifeboats.
