# Suffrage Still Uncertain in Nebraska.
## 
### 
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
Lincoln, Neb., Nov. s.—Tlio vote on
suffrage was very close, and the out
come will probably be uncertain for
several days.
