# Clark Addresses English Club.
## 
### 
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
The lecture on Post Impressionists
by Prof. A. B. Clark, of the Art De
partment, was the feature of the
English Club meeting held last night
at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house.
Professor Clark illustrated his talk
with lantern slides and treated his
subject in a most enlightening and
forceful manner.
