# Administration Now Free to Act.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Nov. s.—Since the elec
tions are over, the administration is
able to direct more of its attention to
the Mexican situation and to the Colo
rado strike.
