# University Extension Lecture.
## 
### 
The next University Extension
lecture in the Presbyterian Church,
Piilo Alto, will lie delivered by
Professor F. J. A. Davidson on
"Emile Zola." The lecture will
treat of the recent Dreyfus trial,
and will connect therewith a dis
cussion of the great French nov
elist as manifested in his life and
work 8.
The next University Extension
lecture in the Presbyterian Church,
Piilo Alto, will lie delivered by
Professor F. J. A. Davidson on
"Emile Zola." The lecture will
treat of the recent Dreyfus trial,
and will connect therewith a dis
cussion of the great French nov
elist as manifested in his life and
work 8.
The next University Extension
lecture in the Presbyterian Church,
Piilo Alto, will lie delivered by
Professor F. J. A. Davidson on
"Emile Zola." The lecture will
treat of the recent Dreyfus trial,
and will connect therewith a dis
cussion of the great French nov
elist as manifested in his life and
work 8.
The next University Extension
lecture in the Presbyterian Church,
Piilo Alto, will lie delivered by
Professor F. J. A. Davidson on
"Emile Zola." The lecture will
treat of the recent Dreyfus trial,
and will connect therewith a dis
cussion of the great French nov
elist as manifested in his life and
work 8.
The next University Extension
lecture in the Presbyterian Church,
Piilo Alto, will lie delivered by
Professor F. J. A. Davidson on
"Emile Zola." The lecture will
treat of the recent Dreyfus trial,
and will connect therewith a dis
cussion of the great French nov
elist as manifested in his life and
work 8.
