# Weather
## 
### 
No more
No more worries! Men's
tennis crushed
Fresno State 7-0.
Sports, page 9

caffeine
Maybe it's not caffeine
keeping you awake but
your roomate's snoring.
Science, page 7

for Fei
Fei hates alarm clocks
as much as
Jeremy Desmon does.
Opinions, page 5

Today: Mostly sunny
Tomorrow: Temper
atures in the 50s to
low 60s


No more
No more worries! Men's
tennis crushed
Fresno State 7-0.
Sports, page 9

caffeine
Maybe it's not caffeine
keeping you awake but
your roomate's snoring.
Science, page 7

for Fei
Fei hates alarm clocks
as much as
Jeremy Desmon does.
Opinions, page 5

Today: Mostly sunny
Tomorrow: Temper
atures in the 50s to
low 60s


No more
No more worries! Men's
tennis crushed
Fresno State 7-0.
Sports, page 9

caffeine
Maybe it's not caffeine
keeping you awake but
your roomate's snoring.
Science, page 7

for Fei
Fei hates alarm clocks
as much as
Jeremy Desmon does.
Opinions, page 5

Today: Mostly sunny
Tomorrow: Temper
atures in the 50s to
low 60s


No more
No more worries! Men's
tennis crushed
Fresno State 7-0.
Sports, page 9

caffeine
Maybe it's not caffeine
keeping you awake but
your roomate's snoring.
Science, page 7

for Fei
Fei hates alarm clocks
as much as
Jeremy Desmon does.
Opinions, page 5

Today: Mostly sunny
Tomorrow: Temper
atures in the 50s to
low 60s


No more
No more worries! Men's
tennis crushed
Fresno State 7-0.
Sports, page 9

caffeine
Maybe it's not caffeine
keeping you awake but
your roomate's snoring.
Science, page 7

for Fei
Fei hates alarm clocks
as much as
Jeremy Desmon does.
Opinions, page 5

Today: Mostly sunny
Tomorrow: Temper
atures in the 50s to
low 60s


