# Up, Up And Away!
## 
### 

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.

Quad Photo by Bill Ellsworth

Bruce Wilson, 5-10 freshman
guard, launches a shot against
San Jose despite the defensive
effort of Spartan John Moskal.
The Papooses went on to defeat
San Jose 64-54 for their third
straight victory. The frosh take
on the Stanford Braves next,
January 16.
