# Columbia Considers Refusing $4.7 Million Defense Contract
## 
### 
The College Press Service
Recent campus protests by
both students and faculty of Co
lumbia University may result in
the University's refusal of $4.7
million in Defense Department
research grants.
The grants under review, which
represent a fourth of Colum
bia's defense contracts, are for
the operation of the school's
Electronic Research Laborator
ies. In an announcement De
cember sth, Lawrence H. O'-
Neill, director of the Labora
tories, spoke of work on missile
tracking systems and bio-chemi
cal research and denied that

any work on biological or chem
ical weapons was involved.
The University's explanation
for the possible refusal is that
the work being done for the De
fense Department was applied
science, while Columbia is dedi
cated to the pursuit of pure sci
entific research. University of
ficials denied that the decision
was a result of recent campus
protests against secret military
research.
For the past few months, how
ever, Columbia has been the
scene of a student-faculty drive
against the University's coopera
tion with government military
and intelligence agencies.

In November, 250 students ap
peared at the University's Place
ment Office to "ask questions"
of a CIA recruiter. The follow
ing week, 500 students attended
an unprecedented meeting to
question President Grayson Kirk
on the University's connections
with the CIA and other federal
agencies. Michael Klare, Chair
man of the campus Vietnam
Committee, stated that "the de
cision to curtail defense research
contracts at Columbia Univer
sity is the direct result of stu
dent-faculty determination to ex
pose and attack the warfare re
search on this campus."
