# KZSU
## 
### 
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
Robert Fuss, KZSU Public
Affairs Director announces
the following programming:
Tonight a discussion with
Professor William Shockly
about his controversial
genetic theories. At 8 p.m.
the weekly chat with the
ASSU Council of Presidents
will be aired.
