# Adv. 32 Page 6
## 
### 
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
CANTERBURY: 12:10 p. m„
Canterbury House. Noon com
munion and lunch. Rides from
post office at noon.
FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
