# Mural Signups
## 
### 
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
Signups for intramural football
and two-man volleyball are con
tinuing throughout this week, in
the BAC, according to Elwyn
Bugge, program director. A meet
ing will be held Thursday at 4:30
p.m. in Room 48 of the BAC for
managers of .ill competing units
in both sports.
Officials are needed for the in
tramural football program, and
those interested should see Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office.
