# Rushing Parties To End Tonight
## 
### 
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
The last eating club and frater
nity parties of formal rushing
week will he hole! tonight. Pros
pective fraternity and eating club
members have attended formal
rushing events on an invitational
basis.
After the end of rushing week
Friday at 5:30 p.m. new members
will pledge cards at the fra
ternities according to IFC presi
dent Gordy Madcras.
Initiation ceremonies will be
held in the fraternities and eat
ing clubs beginning Friday night.
