# Grants Awarded
## 
### 
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
All eight available scholarships
for the Asilomar Conference to
be held April 18-20 have now been
awarded according to lI.R presi
dent Craig Barnes.
The scholarships, and the con
ference, which will discuss "The
International Atom — Impact of
Nuclear Energy on World Af
fairs," are both sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of North
ern California.
