# Giants Win Again, 6-3
## 
### 
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
lIARLINCEN. Tex. (/P) San
Francisco jammed lour runs over
in a third-inning outburst yesler
day to spoil a good pitching per
formance by Herb Score and pavi
the way for a 6-3 exhibition vie
tory over the Cleveland Indians
