# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
"Quad" items is :t p.m. of the day
before publication.
