# BASEBALL MANAGERS CALLED
## 
### 
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
Freshmen interested in managing
baseball are asked to contact John
Moore between 7 and 10 p.m. week
days at DA 3-9451, Building 308.
