# YWCA Will Give Homemaking Class
## 
### 
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
Women interested in the YWCA
sponsored course, "Modern House
making," are invited to attend a
meeting this evening at 7:30 in the
YWCA office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The course, especially for upper
class women, or those pinned or en
gaged, will be given at the home of
Mrs. Anna F. 8011, of the Palo Alto
Adult Education Department.
Meetings will be held Thursday
evenings from 7:1)0 to 9:30 through
Dec. 12. YWCA members will re
ceive a reduced rate, while the fee
for otherswwil t be $2. The course
will be offered fall quarter only.
