# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
EDITOR, SIR:
Yesterday another "disgusted" expressed himself
in disapproval of Dr. Trueblood's Easter sermon with
the slightest blase phrase "it showed poor taste, not
only for Easter Sunday, but as a wartime sermon as
well." May I politely suggest that sermons are not
chosen or given "a la mode," that their character does
not fluctuate according to style or season, and that
they are not designed as a comforting luxury the main
purpose of which is to make people feel better. As
for anybody being told "they were licked victims and
not victors, I might further add that if "disgusted"
had listened more carefully he might have realized that
last Sunday s sermon was in part an endeavor to show
how "victims" can become "victors," and certainly not
an effort to convince us we were already hopeless
"victims."
How anyone can be disappointed by a sermon in
corporating and stressing the idea that man's soul, as
created in God's image, shares his immortality, is a
little beyond me. Perhaps Mr. Disgusted could present
other and better hopes for an individual's far distant
future.. .Amen.
George J. Keating
