# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX,
Machicolation: What Canaanites
used to do in their spare time,
(putting little holes in their
breastworks, er, fortifications).
SEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEXSEX
