# No Allowed Absences at Brown.
## 
### 
Tho following' action in regard to
absences lias been taken by the fac
ulty:
I. The system of allowed absences
is discontinued in tvery instance.
Requests for excuses should, if pos
sible, be presented before the ab
sence; in other cases, imm< di«t<
aftor tho absence.
11. Malingers of musical and other
organizations must report to tho ex
cuse ofliccr within one month nf the
beginning of each term the list of
members of said organizations, with
tho dates upon which said members
desire to tie absent, and tho recitation
or recitations from which absence
would bo necessary in order to meet
tho proposed engagements of said
organizations. No excuse will be
granted for such absence unless re
ported. The excuse officer, or com
mittee on absence, may grant or re
fuse excuses in any case. — Hroun
Daily Ih rahl.
