# Adv. 20 Page 10
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
lift' saver. Literally
For installing our
Employee Education i
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
' chances for cure are
greatly increased ~
Thank you y,
