# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
Quote of the Day
"He was completely arbi
trary and arrogant. He was
not only stupid but uncom
municative."
— Women's soccer coach
Berhane Andeberhan on
Sunday's referee.
See story, page 6.
