# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
President David Starr Jordan spoke
yesterday afternoon at Pacific Grove
before the Congregational ministers'
Association on "The Fight Against
War."
