# Ex-Islander Takes Quinn's Place at Poli Union Meet
## 
### 
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
KmotionaHy appealing to I JI < *
audience to support Hawaiian
statehood, Mrs. Agnes L. Cora
stepped in Friday to replace Wil
liam Francis Quinn, governor of
Hawaii, who was unal)le to attend
the Political Union meeting at
Bowman Alumni House.
Kilburn MaeMurraugh, Political
Union president, said Quinn, who
was scheduled to arrive via heli
copter, had transportation diffi
culties.
Mis. Cora, a Hawaiian delegate
to the Democratic National Con
vention on five occasions and now
living in Palo Alto, said she has
j been supporting Hawaiian state-
I hood for eight years.
"You must help us get state
hood," she said, adding that the
I Hawaiian people pay taxes equiv
alent. to 13 states including Ne
vada. and feel they should become
the -19th state.
The bill for Hawaiian statehood
will be among the first to bo pre
sented in the next session of Con
gress.
The next regular meeting of the
Political Union will feature Sen.
Thomas Henning of Missouri de
fending the Supreme Court. Hen
ning will speak at 7:30 p.m. this
Wednesday in Cubberley Audito
rium. A brief meeting of the Dem
ocratic Caucus will precede the
speech.
