# Students to Apply For Air Reserve
## 
### 
Students, preferably seniors, who
are interested in applying for ad
mission to the U. S. Naval Reserve
training course for Naval Aviators
will be interviewed at Stanford
University, this morning at .11
o'clock in the Guggenheim Aero
nautical Laboratory, it was announc
ed by Professor E. P. Lesley.
The course offers complete in
struction in ground and flight work
to be given at the Naval Reserve
Aviation Base at Oakland, Califor
nia with later training at Pensacola,
Florida, and in the U. S. Fleet for
those who successfully pass the
preliminary training course.
Interviews will be conducted by
Captain R. C. Mangrum of the U. S.
Marine Corps Reserve and Professor
Lesley of the Aeronautical Engi
neering Department.
