# BOOK WINS HONOR
## 
### 
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, formerly
assistant director in Ihe Department
of Hygiene and Physical Education
for Women, received an honorary
membership in the Eugene Field
Society. This membership is in
recognition of her recently pub
lished book. "The Kinesiology of
Corrective Exercise," published by
Lea and Febiger.
