# KAYAK II WINS SANTA ANITA HANDICAP
## 
### 

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)

STACKING A SPECTACULAR stretch drive to set a new track record of 2:01 2 5, Charles Howard's Kayak II won the fiifth running of (lie
mile and one quarter Sioo,ooo Santa Anita Handicap at the Arcadia turf plant Saturday. The winner, with Jockey Johnny Adams up, is shown
above crossing the finish line ahead of Whichcee (!>), Basil James up. and Maine Man (1), Georgie Woolf up. (Acme Photo)
