# Intercollegiate Debates.
## 
### 
Last year's intercollegiate de
hates will continue this year.
Yale and Princeton will hold
their contest at Princeton, and
Harvard will meet the "Tigers" at
Cambridge. The date for the latter
contest has not been decided <>n,
but Harvard will meet Yale in
March, and the Vale-Princeton
debate comes oft' December (>. in
the Princeton-Harvard matches
three rebuttal speeches will be al
lowed. Three men will represent
each university in every case, hut
in the Yale debates only two re
buttals will be allowed.
The Princeton committe has sent
Yale the following quest-ion for
discussion : Resolved, That it
would be wise to establish, in re
spect of all State legislation of
a general character, a system of
referendum similar to that estab
lished in Switzerland." Since
Princeton chose the question, Yale
will have the choice of sides. —
firown Iff raid.
Last year's intercollegiate de
hates will continue this year.
Yale and Princeton will hold
their contest at Princeton, and
Harvard will meet the "Tigers" at
Cambridge. The date for the latter
contest has not been decided <>n,
but Harvard will meet Yale in
March, and the Vale-Princeton
debate comes oft' December (>. in
the Princeton-Harvard matches
three rebuttal speeches will be al
lowed. Three men will represent
each university in every case, hut
in the Yale debates only two re
buttals will be allowed.
The Princeton committe has sent
Yale the following quest-ion for
discussion : Resolved, That it
would be wise to establish, in re
spect of all State legislation of
a general character, a system of
referendum similar to that estab
lished in Switzerland." Since
Princeton chose the question, Yale
will have the choice of sides. —
firown Iff raid.
Last year's intercollegiate de
hates will continue this year.
Yale and Princeton will hold
their contest at Princeton, and
Harvard will meet the "Tigers" at
Cambridge. The date for the latter
contest has not been decided <>n,
but Harvard will meet Yale in
March, and the Vale-Princeton
debate comes oft' December (>. in
the Princeton-Harvard matches
three rebuttal speeches will be al
lowed. Three men will represent
each university in every case, hut
in the Yale debates only two re
buttals will be allowed.
The Princeton committe has sent
Yale the following quest-ion for
discussion : Resolved, That it
would be wise to establish, in re
spect of all State legislation of
a general character, a system of
referendum similar to that estab
lished in Switzerland." Since
Princeton chose the question, Yale
will have the choice of sides. —
firown Iff raid.
Last year's intercollegiate de
hates will continue this year.
Yale and Princeton will hold
their contest at Princeton, and
Harvard will meet the "Tigers" at
Cambridge. The date for the latter
contest has not been decided <>n,
but Harvard will meet Yale in
March, and the Vale-Princeton
debate comes oft' December (>. in
the Princeton-Harvard matches
three rebuttal speeches will be al
lowed. Three men will represent
each university in every case, hut
in the Yale debates only two re
buttals will be allowed.
The Princeton committe has sent
Yale the following quest-ion for
discussion : Resolved, That it
would be wise to establish, in re
spect of all State legislation of
a general character, a system of
referendum similar to that estab
lished in Switzerland." Since
Princeton chose the question, Yale
will have the choice of sides. —
firown Iff raid.
