# Adv. 3 Page 20
## 
### 
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
TUTORING
Tutors needed in Language Arts,
Math, Sciences. We are looking for
dynamic tutors in English, Math,
Sciences and Exam Prep. We pro
vide in home tutoring services for
our clients. Background check is
required. Email njarvis@aboveg
radelevel.com
HOUSING
Room and Food. Retired professor
will share roomy house 7 mi. from
campus in exchange for about 2
hrs./day light caretaking duties.
Amenities include: food and drink;
utilities, U-verse TV, wi-fi, paid by
me; laundry and kitchen privileges.
Prefer grad student or new post-doc
in geoscience or other sciences.
Contact David @ 650 917 8307 or
Email dschink@stanfordalumni.org
EDITING
ABD Rescue!!
Expert editor helps you be clear,
correct, complete. 650/325-1500
WANTED
Student for hourly yardwork. Email
tshll@sbcglobal.net
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the
gift of family through California
Cryobank's donor program. Apply
online: SPERMBANK.com
