# W. Soccer at Duke, N.C. St.
## 
### 
Saturday at Duks, 11 a.m. POT. Sun
day at N.C. Stats, 8 a.m. POT.
RECOROB - Stanford (12-2-1,
ranked No. 9), Duke (11-5,
ranked No. 12, a 2-1 loser to
N.C. State), N.C State (13-3-1,
ranked No. 7, 14-game un
beaten streak)
INJURIES â€” Forward Jennifer
Rowland (knee), midfielder Jen
Bloomer (knee), and fullbacks
Mlchele Sullivan (back) and
Qlynnla Roberte (calf) are
taking anti-Inflammatory drugs
while recovering from injuries,
but are expected to play. Fresh
man midfielder Jen Gardiner
(knee) haa not recovered as
hoped from a spring injury, and
coach Berhane Andeberhan
does not expect her to return
this year.
