# HANDBALL MEN ASKED TO PLAY OFF MATCHES
## 
### 
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
No matches have been played since
last Wednesday in the University
handball tournament either in the
men's doubles or singles.
All players are urged to try to com
plete their scheduled matches before
the end of this week in order that
the tournament will be completed by
August 24. Permission for further
postponement of matches will be
granted by Harry Maloney only to
those contestants who produce a satis
factory excuse.
