# FRESHMEN WILL BE GUESTS OF Y.M.C.A.
## 
### 
Freshmen students will have an op
portunity to meet one another and
members of other classes at the big
"Y" reception to be held at Encina
this Friday evening, at 8 p.m. This
is an annual event which is held at
the beginning of the new college year
by the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.,
for the purposo of getting the new
freshmen men and women acquainted,
and is always featured with games,
"eats," stunts and music. An extra
large attendance is expected, the com
mittee in charge having prepared a
more elaborate program than the en
tertainment usually provides. The
committee Is headed by Elizabeth Pat
ton, '21, for the women, and H. Hose
pian, '21, for the men.
It is planned to have a number of
upperclassmen present to act as a re
ception committee to see that the
freshmen are made acquainted; and to
facilitate matters this committee will
issue tags to everyone on which to
write the holder's name. Prizes will
be awarded to the winners in the
games and contests. All members of
the University are cordially invited
to attend the reception.
