# Dr. Wilbur Will Meet Freshmen Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will meet all
freshmen and new students at the presi
dent's house tomorrow night at 8:30
o'clock. Only new men and women are
invited.
The early part of the evening will be
taken up in entertainment and introduc
tions, and later there will be dancing
The president has yearly taken the op
portunity of meeting new students at
the University in this way.
