# ALPHA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Donald T. Cady, '34.
The town of Corwin, Ohio, is
governed entirely by women.
