# Disarmament
## 
### 
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
At the disarmament front things
looked none too good for Hitler and
world peace. Rudolf von Nadolny,
Germany's special envoy to Geneva,
gained no concessions for his coun
try. Tory Sir John Simon from Brit
ian and Norman Davis, F.R.'s wan
dering ambassador, worked together
on a resolution embodying the Ver
sailles Treaty to allow only light
arms for the Swastika.
