# KAPPA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
Kappa Kappa Gamma announces
the pledging of Mary Elizabeth
Roth, '36.
