# SIG ALPH PLEDGE
## 
### 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of John Dwyer, '35.
