# Mothers' Club To Hold Meet
## 
### 
Mothers of new students will be
welcomed by the Stanford Mothers'
Club at a reception preceding the
first meeting of the club this quar
ter at 2:30 o'clock next Tuesday
afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
extend greetings to the club on be
half of the University, and Dean
Mary Yost will tell what the Moth
ers' Club means to the University.
Mrs. George Dowrie, social chair
man, is in charge of the reception
for new members at 2 o'clock, and
has extended invitations to Mrs.
Hoover and Mrs. Wilbur to help in
rt ceiving.
Mrs. George Lawry, president,
will preside over the meeting. Plans
for the annual Chrysanthemum tea
which is to be held in Roble Gym
nasium this year will form the main
business to be discussed.
