# L. A. Hostelries Cut Prices for Indian Rooters
## 
### 
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
Arrangements for rock-bot
tom hotel prices in Los Angeles
had last night been added to
the greatly reduced rail fares,
to offer rooters for the S.C.-
Stanford game the lowest-price
trip in many jears.
A prominent downtown Los
Angeles hotel sliced from their
regular rates to offer students
accommodations in a first-class
hotel for $1.25 per man per
day for douhlc beds and $1.50
for twin beds. The downtown
hostelry also offered to cut 10
per cent from prices of meals
for students.
Train-goers on the student
special (rate: $10.25 for round
(rip) will have a unique trip.
In addition to the super-novelty
of train-dancing, plans are un
der way to have food and re
freshments contributed by cam
pus sororities.
