# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Wilburn J. Murry, '35. |
