# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
Pictures and
Picture Framing
We have just received a
few reproductions of old
and modern paintings and
an assortment of beau
tifully framed Hummels
and flower prints.
Priced $1.75 to $2.00
[)avid j^s^eble
323 University Ave.
Phone 4204
