# Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu Open Handball Murals
## 
### 
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
Ihe first round of the Winter
Quarter intramural handball tourna
lent gets underway today with
hel a Chi meeting Sigma Chi and
■igma Nu tangling Alpha Delta Pi.
'1 he matches will get underway at
and the winner will be determined
y the best two out of three games,
'here will be two singles matches
nd if necessary a concluding dou
les contest. All games will be
layed on Tuesdays and Thursdays
etween 1 and 3 in the afternoon.
