# Book Prices
## 
### 
Students buying books this
quarter from the Bookstore are
going to have to pay a little
moreâ€”the Bookstore has
eliminated the five percent
discount for Stanford students.
In a press release issued in the
middle of December, Bookstore
officials announced that instead
of the discount, the Bookstore
would begin discounting
non-book merchandise in order to
compete with off-campus
retailers.
The discount was eight percent
two years ago but was lowered to
five percent after they lost
money. Last year, the bookstore
made about a three percent profit
before the discount but lost
money after the discount was
paid.
