# TUB IDEA SUBMERGES
## 
### 
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
That plan of Charles Noah Pollak,
Harvard senior, to lead a washtub
flotilla up the Charles River to Wel
lesly College for women is all off.
He learned the distance is 32 miles,
not 15.
