# STUART TO VISIT CAPITAL
## 
### 
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, left last night for
Washington, D.C.. where he will ad
dress the Pan-American Scientific
Congress, and will attend the ses
sions of the American Society of
International Law.
