# DEADLINE ON SONGS FOR JUNIOR OPERA IS TONIGHT-DANIELS
## 
### 
Original musical compositions,
submitted for places in the Junior
Opera, must be turned in before
tonight, it wag announced by Ted
Daniels, musical director for the
show.
Every type of song will be ac
ceptable, Daniels said, and may be
submitted to Bob Thornton, Nelson
Carter, Joe Thompson, or Harold
Helvenston.
Continuation of tryouts for the
opera will be held tomorrow. Vocal
test for all leads as well as male
chorus parts are to be held from
two until four o'clock. Tryouts for
speaking parts will take place from
4 to 5:30 o'clock. At G:SO, those
interested in the dancing choruses
are asked to appear. The cast will
number high for a campus produc
tion, and many parts are open to
students. Those who tried out yes
terday will not have to appear
again tomorrow.
