# FOILS TOURNAMENT STARTS SOON; ALL STUDENTS ELIGIBLE
## 
### 
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
Entry lists for an all-University
foils tournament will be posted on
t Im* bulletin board of lCncina gym
nasium shortly, Assistant Coach
10lwy.ii Hugge announced last night,
and plans are rapidly being com
pleted for the tourney. The match
es will be held in two classes, sen
ior and junior. The senior division
will be composed of all men who
have represented Stanford Univer
sity in competition, either varsity
or freshman, while the junior or
novice division will be devoted to
Die lens-experienced men.
All registered students of the
University are eligible to compete
in the matches, which will be held
in the fencing gallery of the gym
nasium. While no definite deadline
for entries lias yet been decided
upon, it is planned to start the
matches some lime within the next
ten days.
