# RUBIO'S SON ILL
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
MEXICO CITY, April 10. i/P)—
EufffMiio Ortiz Uubio, young son of
Ihc President, was seriously ill 1o
• lay at Cliapultepoc Castle with
what is believed to be typhoid
fever.
