# WOODLAND CONCERT
## 
### 
Bruno Walter, conducting the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra in the
last of the series of concerts pre
sented by the San Mateo Philharmonic
Society in the Woodland Theatre at
Hillsborough last Sunday afternoon,
was acclaimed by an enthusiastic
audience as one of the most popular
of the guest conductors this summer.
Wagner's Overture to "The Flying
Dutchman" served as a colorful open
ing to Walter's program. The dra
matic narrative, tremendous in its
force and depth of feeling, charac
terizes the persons and situations of
the legend of the unhappy mariner.
The Symphony in E Flat major, one
of the three greatest of Mozart's sym
phonies, showing the influence of his
travels in developing the possibilities
of the orchestra, is an outstanding
example of tone coloring through in
strumental combinations. The ideal of
sheer beauty, in melody, and in musi
cal form seem to sweep every other
element in human life aside in this
dramatic creation. â€”
Schubert's romantic poem Entr'-
Acte and Ballet Music from "Rosa
munde" show the exquisite and en
tirely fresh manner in which wind in
struments are combined with violins.
The quiet force of this work of the
world's greatest composer of songs re
veals the depth of the soul of the
poetic musician.
The Prelude and Love-Death from
"Tristan and Isolde" picturing the
powerful tragedy of the old Celtic
poem, opened the second half of the
program. The Prelude begins quietly,
works up through a long crescendo to
a fortissimo climax, and subsides
quickly to a pianissimo. The "Love-
Death" which closes the opera, shows
the tremendous depts of Isolde's love
for Tristan and her grief over his
death.
Fantasia, "Francesca da Rimina,"
Opus 32, a symphonic poem by Tschai
kowsky, reveals the remarkable ima
gination of the composer. The tonal
description of the awesome scene of
the entrance of hell with its fierce
winds, wailing of the damned, and
unutterable terror, is vividly de
scribed. The narrative, of Francesca.
represented by the clarinet, is then
introduced over the hubbub, after
which the first scene is again pre
sented.
Walter received a great ovation at
the end of his program, marking a
brilliant conclusion to the many in
teresting concerts in the Woodland
Theatre this summer. Walter will
conduct the last of the San Francisco
concerts tonight.
