# Players Ousted by Anarchists.
## 
### 
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
The Junior play at, Northwestern
University was omitted this year,
because three days before the per
formance, the manager of the opera
house which had been engaged took
advantage of the fact that his con
tract was verbal, and cancelled it.
Emma Goldman, the notorious anar
chist, had offered him double price
for the use of the hall that night.
The university dramatists were un
able to find any other available date
or place, and gave up their produc
tion, in order that the "Reds" might
listen to a lecture advocating revo
lution by physical force.
