# No Assembly This Week.
## 
### 
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
There will not be an Assembly this
week and the date for the regular
gathering is undecided at this time,
pending an announcement, from Pres
ident Jordan.
