# R.H. Lyons Dies in Berkeley.
## 
### 
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
R. H. Lyons, '09. died yesterday af
ternoon in Berkeley, of spinal men
ingitis. Lyons belonged to the Man
dolin Club and registered from Los
Angeles in the Department of Eng
lish. He was a member of the Chi
Psi fraternity.
