# corrections
## 
### 
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
An editorial about 2003 Com
mencement speaker Alejandro
Toledo on March 7 should have
stated that he attended the Uni
versity of San Francisco, not UC-
San Francisco.
