# WANTS MUD FIGHT
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
The Editor, Sir:
May I be the first to congratulate
you on that masterpiece &f rational
thinking—your editorial, "The Mud
Fight Is Here to Stay." Inasmuch as
I participated in the Mud Fight both
