# Dramatie Manager Tryouts Still ()pen
## 
### 
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
Students wishing to try out for the
position of dramatic manager are
asked to apply to Dramatic Manager
Dick Daugherty from 1 to 5 o'clock
this afternoon at the dramatic office
in the Old Union.
Tryout work consists chiefly of
working around the office, handling
business material, and doing some
work on the stage productions dur
ing the tryout period of one year
Both sophomore and junior men and
women may apply for the position.
