# Concert Season Tickets for Sale
## 
### 
Season tickets for the concert
series at the San Francisco Opera
House go on sale tomorrow after
noon, at Tresidder box office.
Tickets will be sold on a first
come-first served basis from 1-4
p.m.
Prices for the 18 Wednesday
Evening concerts, beginning Dec.
4, are $14.25, $21.85, and $27.75.
Among the artists scheduled to
appear during the season are
Yehudi Menuhin, Leonard Pon
nario, Isaac Stern, and Rudolf
Serkin.
Bus transportation will be avail
able for $1, a performance or $16
the season. Season tickets will be
sold at Tresidder box office now;
single tickets later. There is no
bus for the Dec. 18 performance.
Busses leave from Wilbur-Bran
ner, Roble, and Bowman.
