# Adv. 19 Page 6
## 
### 
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
TOUGEUV
TIES
Hundreds of
Designs
and Colors
II ATS—
Hosts of Them
SOFT— In taupe, grey,
fawn, black, white and
the light, weight import
ed crushes.
DERBIES ?
Well, Rather!
in l-l(i sizes
.'.S3?
rpeh
m
1
w—m
