# Physiology Club Plans Picnic.
## 
### 
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
A short business meeting of the
Physiology Society was culled by
President (}. W. Reyburn, '10, this
afternoon when it was decided to have
a moonlight picnic on Friday evening,
October 1, further details being left
to a committee.
