# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
Professor Long, of the Hygiene de
partment reports the largest, enroll
ment in gymnasium work on record.
About. 350 men have signed np for
the semester, and large classes have
been formed in fencing, boxing, la
crosse and track.
