# Reduced Rates Offered by S.P.
## 
### 
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
The Southern Pacific has announced
that the special Thanksgiving rate of
a fare and a third for the round trip,
will apply this year as usual. Tickets
thus sold will be good going 011 No
vember 27th, 28th and 29th, and good
returning up to and including De
cember 3d.
