# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Unless the members of the Senior
class pay the assessment for the 1907
"Quad" soon, there is grave danger of
the book being published at a finan
cial loss. The figures of the managers
show that out of 204 candidates for
graduation, but 72 have paid the as
sessment for the 1907 annual. The
publication of the book is a class
undertaking, and as such deserves the
class support. The greatest reasoi
for thinking that the members of the
class would naturally aid in the enter
prise is the fact that the book replaces
the class annual destroyed in the
earthquake. Class pride in restoring
the burned book should he sufficient
to make its re-edition a success. One
of the chief objections to the payment
of the assessment seems to be tin
result of a mistaken idea that has
gained credence, that the Senior pub
lication is a mere record book of stat
istics. As a matter of fact, the edi
tion promises to be the equal of pas
volumes, both in size and quality. 1
is hoped that a mere reminder wil
serve to bring about the prompt pay
ment of the delinquent assessments.
