# INSIDE
## 
### 
What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



What A
game! Card victory over
the Bmins in detailed
play-by-play action
See Sports, page 7

Wonderful World
Ketelaar sees a
floral paradise
in ikebana
See News, page 10

It Would Be
great for women's
soccer to continue
their victory streak
See Sports, page 7



