# Students on selection committee should take blame and apologize
## 
### 
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
As a student who had the privilege of
participating in several interview pro
cesses this summer, I learned the impor
tance of confidentiality. Benny Sandoval
misses the point when she claims that
students should have the right to express
their opinions freely. The student com
mittee was involved in an interview pro
cess, not a public debate. An interview

process attempts to choose the best can
didate as objectively as possible.
Just as the publicity over crime sus
pects threatens the fairness of a trial,
publicity from a public disclosure serious
ly threatens the ability of the selection
committee to remain objective. Stanford
can forgive ignorance, but it should not
forgive the refusal to accept responsibili
ty. The student committee can claim
ignorance, but then should apologize pub
licly to Sally Mahoney and the University
for seriously damaging a delicate process.
Felix Tsai
Junior, undeclared
