# SCRATCH SHEET
## Education Requires Reappraisal 
### 
"You are here to gel an educa
tion ,and you have a duty to de
mand that you g<*t (lie best one
possible. Let your own mind give
everything that is presented to
you 'a constant and sustained re
appraisal' . . This is the chal
lenge the Sratoh Sheet editorial
gives to the student body.
The latest issue of the Scratch
Sheet, which will appear tomor
row, goes on to say, "You are
among the best intellects in the
country, and you deserve mature,
sincere treatment as well as re
spect, from both your faculty and
the heads of your University."
Objectively 111foriiis
Willi this in mind, the newest
issue of the Scratch Sheet tries
to objectively inform the students
about general elective courses and
features a more comprehensive
coverage of the higher advanced
economics and political science
courses, said Jim Stewart, manag
ing editor.
Sampling techniques for the
sheet consisted of having three
students who it was thought were
capable of making meaningful
evaluations evaluate each course.
In compilation it. was found that
the views of each set of eontribu
tors were remarkably consistent.
Remarks Good to Had
Remarks range from good lo
bad. An example is, "This is a
valuable course for any student.
It provides a sound introduction
lo the works of our greatest
dramatist, whose works should be
familiar to any literate person."
Evaluation includes books with
such remarks as "It presents a
broad, superficial approach with
the lowest possible insight into
the subject." Also mentioned arc
lecturers, sections and homework
assignments.
The Scratch Sheet is backed by
ASSU. Members of Ihe staff in
clude Jim Stewart, managing edi
tor; Al Kahn and John Warnock,
associate editors, and Anne Hum
pherys, Jerry Clinton, Art Islas
and Phil Miles, editorial staff.
