# Brotherhood Film
## 
### 
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
"The Burden of Truth," a one
hour film about a Negro couple
who move inio a white neighbor
hood, will be shown today in ob
servance of Brotherhood Week at
ihe YWCA Religious Discussion
Group meeting at noon in the "Y"
lounge.
