# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
Intercollegiate handball will
probably be added to our list of
sports. Just now Stanford is at a
disadvantage because of the lack of
regulation courts, but the growing
interest in the game makes it an
important branch for competition
between the two universities.
