# APPALLING RESULTS OF BOSS RULE.
## A 						Terrible Example Right Under the Shadow of the Great Stanford. 
### 
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
Every professor and student in
Stanford University who is inter
ested in good citizenship and civic
virtue will read with intense inter
est the famous Los Angeles Times'
"Sodom Article," with headlines as
follows:
