# Californians Adopt Financial Plan.
## 
### 
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
Seniors at the University of Califor
nia have adopted by an overwhelming
vote a permanent memorial insurance
plan by which members of the class
will take out $100 endowment policies
payable to the University at the end of
twenty years. On their maturity a fund
of approximately $40,000 will become
available for use by the state univer
sity regents.
Forty-eight new members have been
initiated by the California chapter of
Phi Beta Kappa.
