# SUMMER LAW SCHOOL IS PRACTICALLY ASSURED
## 
### 
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
Between twenty-five and thirty stu
dents have already signed up fo.v sum
mer work in the Stanford Law School,
and the success of the vacation cour
ses is practically assured, as a num
ber of other possible students are
considering coming here in the sum
mer. Forty students are needed to
make the summer school possible, and
Professor F. C. Woodward, Dean of
the Law School, believes that more
than this number will be assured be
fore the present semester draws to an
end.
