# Shell of Washington Eight Is Wrecked By Striking Hidden Pile
## 
### 
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
The Washington crew encountered
disaster in the form of a submerged
nile yesterday while working out on
th?, Oakland Estuary, and as a result
the "Merrily," the new shell which
was to be used by the Varsity Satur
day, was badly damaged. Several feet
of the bottom of the craft was torn
out, though it is believed that the
"ram: work was not damaged and that
repairs can be made in time for the
race.
Pocock, the Seattle builder of the
shell, has been summoned from Seat
tle to supervise tha repairing. In
ease it cannot be putin shape, the
freshman shell probably will be used.
The illness of Osborne, who has
been rowing No. 5 on the California
Varsity, prevents any attempt to
"dope" the line-up. Osborne is in the
hospital with an infected arm, and it
is not known whether or not he will
'-o able to row on Saturday. In bis
absence from practice a general re
arrangement has been made of the
oarsman on the starboard side of the
and McNeill, the Freshman bow,
has been givan that seat in the var
sity boat.
