# UNPREJUDICED
## 
### 
Again, the matter of intercollegiate
relations lias come to the front to bo
thrashed over in order that a settle
ment in the situation may be reached.
A student body meeting has been cal
led tomorrow evening in The Union to
consider a proposal submitted by the
California Intercollegiate Agreement
Committee. Every member of the As
sociated Students should be there and
take a part in the informal discus
sion. But ! t is imperative that each
and every one go into the meeting with
an unprejudiced state of mind. You
should look at the plan from all sides
and then arrive at a conclusion.. Whe
ther or not you believe in the propo
sition as submitted by California or
have formulated ideas of your own, it
is absolutely necessary to be open
minded tomorrow evening for the rea
son that intercollegiate relations are
hansinsr in the balance.
