# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.

PETE AUGUST, first - string
center, decommissioned last Sat
urday, will see U.C.L.A. game
from bench.
