# Council Cautions Errant Parkers
## 
### 
Men's Council announced that it
had 48 traffic violation cases this
week, of which 44 were parking
violations, and that many are al
ready scheduled for next week.
Biggest number of parking offenses
occurred in the Oval in front of the
Administration Building, on Lasuen,
and Salvatierra.
Council stresses that parking is
not allowed in the white zone
before the Hoover Library and the
Memorial Auditorium. It also
warned that Lane A, the alley be
hind Cubberley and Hurlburt, is a
one-way street.
The police department has' also an
nounced that the new triangle park
ing lot behind the Education Build
ing is now ready for use and that
all cars which have been parked in
the open field in the rear of the
faculty lot should be moved to the
new area.
In answer to many complaints,
'Men's Council has explained that
there is no need for the mix-up in
traffic regulations, as the Univer
sity has posted twice as many signs
as are required by California state
law.
