# Village Plans Bowling League
## 
### 
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
Bowling fans at Stanford Village
were out in force last night as the
modernistic, four-lane bowling al
ley at the Village was reopened for
their exclusive use. Plans have now
been completed for a pair of fast
eight-team bowling leagues which
will get under way on Monday. Two
nights a week, Monday and Tues
day, have been set aside for league
competition.
Features of the alley include elec
tric-eye foul line detectors and X
ray scoring machines. Prices have
been set at 20c a line for Village
bowling enthusiasts. Labor prob
lems are pressing the new alley as
pin boys are urgently needed.
Anyone interested in organizing «
team for the league should contact
Jack Baty in Building 306 at Stan
ford Village.
