# NOTICE
## 
### 
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
Football equipment issued to stu
dents during fall quarter will be re
turned to equipment room not later
than December 6, first varsity ex
cepted.—Aeorge Moffitt, manager of
Encina Store.
