# Geology Journal Club Meets Tonight; Program
## 
### 
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
Book reviews and an exhibition of
specimens will mark the meeting of
the Geology Journal Club tonight in
Room 334 at 7:30. Miss Jeane Russell
will review Steno's Dissertation "On
a Solid Body Enclosed by a Process of
Nature within a Solid," and Professor
F. G. Tickell will speak on "Some
Methods for Microscopic Studies in
Sedimentary Petrography."
