# Economics Club to Hold Dinner Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
Leo V. Belden, vice-p-esident of the
Bank of Italy, will be th? speaker at
the Economics Club dinner to be held
tomorrow night at 6:15 in the Theta
Delta Chi house.
Belden is at present in charge of
the Bank of Italy bond department and
will probably talk on some phase of
banking. Besides his connection with
the Bank of Italy he is prominent in
banking circles on the Pacific Coast.
Professors Murray S. Wildman and
Albert C. Whitaker of the Economics
department will also be present at the
dinner.
