# J.V. Cagers Win Game; Menlo J.C. Upset, 42-34
## 
### BOB PANNELL 
The Card Jayvees, with Gene |
Martin leading the way, finally ov- j
ereame Menlo Junior College, 42-34. :
in the preliminary to the S.C. game j
Saturday night. The Menlo club had j
been the leading thorn in the Dana- j
men's side all season, having cle- j
feated the Indians in two previous j
encounters.
Van Alstyne and Bill Rose, star j
performers of the Menlo quintet, {
were completely stymied by the ;
shifting zone of the victors. To '
blanket the talented Rose, Coach j
Dana employed three different cen- !
ters. Dave Ateheson and Jim Cald- ;
well were used in the first half j
while Ralph Carver played the full j
second half.
In an intersquad till on Friday, I
the freshmen coached by Phil Beng
ston, pulled something in the nature
of an upset when they downed the '
"B's." 37-32. Martin of the B's was j
again high scorer with 14 points.
