# SDX TO ELECT MEMBERS
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
Sigma Delta Chi will elect new
members today in the Journalism li
brary at 4:30 p.m., Dick Keusink.
historian, announced late last night.
