# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
Let's Talk About
Value
Here's a Barbizon slip
that is part silk—the
last we'll have of this
lovely material.
Priced only
$2.50
WalsLerfc
355 University Ave.
