# Roadside Stands Fade With War
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11 (U.R)—'The bells
are tolling for one of America's fa
vorite landmarks — the hamburger
stand.
Hamburger stands and roadside
diners which have lined the nation's
highways are disappearing fast, the
National Restaurant Association con
vention reported today. The reason:
Tire rationing.
Also on the way out is another
symbol of Americana—the tin lunch
pail. James K. Switzer of the Can
teen Food Service, Chicago, said the
lunch containers might as well be
donated to the metal scrap drive be
cause factory workers have "been
educated" to prefer hot meals to
sandwiches and pie.
