# MEXICO LENDS U.S. A HAND
## 
### 

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,

MEXICO IS lending her manpower to aid the U.S. in harvesting her
crops. Shown here are a trainload of Mexican laborers going through
Los Angeles on their way to Stockton and Sacramento to harvest the
fast ripening crops,
