# John Wais, '27, Awarded Engineering Scholarship
## 
### 
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
John Wais, Jr., '27, has been award
ed the Civil Engineering Scholarship
for the year 1926-27 by the Scholar
ship Committee of the Civil Engineer
ing faculty. Wais is registered from
Merced and is a member of Toyon
Club.
