# Lund-McKenney Wedding Announced for June 30
## 
### 
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
Marian Lund and Dr. A. Carol Mc-
Kenney, '22, will be married June 30,
according to recent announcement.
McKenney finished his medical course
in the Stanford Medical School last
year.
