# STANFORD MEN WILL ENTER A.A.U. MEET FOR OLYMPIC CLUB
## Cardinals Expected to Take String of First Places In Events 
### 
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
Swede Leistner, Biff Hoffman, Bob
King, and Ted Miller are included in
the team which will represent the
Olympic Club in the national A.A.U.
track and field championships at Phila
delphia July 2 to 6, according to a
decision reached by Winged "O" offi
cials. All are Stanford stars of the
past two seasons, and, with the ex
ception of King, holder of the 1.C.4-A
high jump record, were on the Stan
ford team which scored the greatest
number of points at the National Col
legiates last year.

Sweet of Montana, Barber of Cali
fornia, Gillette of Montana, Martin of
Polytechnic High, San Francisco, Mer
chant, star broad jumper, and Myrra,
javelin king, together with MacEach
ern, weight man, are also included in
the prospective Olympic Club team,
which is probably one of the best
balanced ever assembled by that or
ganization.
King and Hoffman have received
permission from the Stanford faculty
athletic committee to participate in
the N.C.A. meet at. Chicago, where
Hoffman will defend his title won last
year.
