# STANFORDITES IN O'CASEY PLAY AT THEATRE IN PALY
## 
### 
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
Sean O'Casey's play, "Juno and the
Paycock," opened a three-night run
last night at the Palo Alto Com
munity Theatre. Sean O'Casey is
Ireland's foremost playwright and
this play is said to bi.> one of his
best.
Dr. David Har lis, assistant pro
fessor of history, plays one of the
leading roles. He is seen as the
villain, Charlie Bentham, the sly
school-master, who hoodwinks the
gullible Irish family and wins the
love of the lovely daughter. A. Grove
Day, of the engineering department,
is the director.
Bob Dwan, well known for his
roles in Sword and Sandals read
ings," plays the part of the young
radical son, who has been wounded
several times in the war for the Irish
Free State. Tom Seller, another
Stanfordite, is also in the cast.
Tickets may be reserved at the
Palo Alto Community Theatre box
office.
