# Plans Made For Bonfire
## 
### 
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
With announcement of nearly all
sub-committee heads last night by
Bob Jones, chairman of the com
mittee in charge, definite plans are
rapidly being formulated toward
feeding the flames of the Big Game
bonfire to be burned a week from
Wednesday night.
Shortly before the night of the
bonfire an all-University smoker is
to be held under (he supervision of
Bill Drew.
The main feature on the day of
construction of the fire will be a
lunch served to all workers with
Julius Jacobs and the Rally Com
mittee overseeing preparations.
Construction will be superin
tended by Wally Brooke, Oct Mor
gan, and Jim YVoolley. Brooke and
Morgan will look after the gleaning
of wood and other inflammable ma
terials, while Woolley will manage
trucking operations.
Cleanup is to be carried on by a
group led by Bill Wallace. Other
committee heads will be announced
at the beginning of next week, says
Jones.
