# RAISE ROBSON'S BOND
## 
### 
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
PHOENIX, Nov. 8 (/P).—Bond for [
Oscar H. Robson, held in connection
with the June Robles kidnaping last
April, was increased from $50,000 to
$100,000 today upon recommendation
of Clifton Mathews, United States '
district attorney.
A professor at Roanoke College ;
claims that many of his students will
be as famous as Napoleon at the rate
they are going down in history.

The Rev. Samuel M. Beale, Boston
University's oldest living graduate,
recently celebrated his ninety-fifth
birthday.
