# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Every now and then it seems
necessary to call the attention of
campus advertising managers to
the need of a certain sense of decen
cy in the placing of their cards in
the windows of the quadrangle.
To-day, in the three windows of the
most prominent corner of the outer
quadrangle, there were no less than
five large posters, curled up, and
with nothing to be said for the ar
tistic merit of any one of them.
What is more, they were out of
date. And in this latter fact
would seem to lie an excellent so
lution of the advertising card prob
lem. There is no sense in keeping
posters in windows when their use
fulness is gone. It cannot do any
more than awaken vain regret in
the minds of those who read now
that home-made pies and ice cream
were on sale at the Inn on Febru
ary 3d; the continued presence
of the poster may, indeed, serve to
reawaken unnecessarily the mem
ories of those who read it in good
season and bought. Nor does it
serve any purpose to tell on Febru
ary 7th there will be a baseball
game on the afternoon of February
4th, or a concert on February 6th.
There is never any difficulty about
getting rid of the good posters, but
we suggest to those who put out the
poster of big type and ugly picture
that they remove them just as soon
as the event has passed. If they
will do this the eye will no longer
be needlessly offended, and the
visitors will take away impressions
not of the sales of home-made pies,
of ibaseball games and of concerts
that have occurred during a week
past, but of the beauty of the Uni
versity's buildings and of its sur
roundings.
