# Place of Meeting Changed.
## 
### 
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
The place for the meeting of the
Palo Alto Women's League tomorrow
has been changed from Jordan's Hall
to Fraternity Hall.
