# Starks Tells Zoologists Of Philippine Experiences
## 
### 
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
Professor E. <\ Starks addressed
members of the Zoology Club last
night at liis home on his experiences
while making valuable biological col
lections in the Philippines. Accom
panying his talk with lantern slides,
he presented intimate viewpoints of
the islands.
