# Second Installment on 1927 Quad Due This Week
## 
### 
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Second installments on the 1927
Quad may be paid today from 8 to 4
o'clock and tomorrow morning at the
table at the Engineering Corner. To
morrow afternoon the Quad office in
the Old Union will also be open to
receive second payments for the An
nual, announces Robert E. Paradise,
business manager.
A fine of fifty cents will be assessed
all thoye who fail to make the second
payment before 4 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
