# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
Three freshmen at Butler University
were shorn of their hair because
they refused to wear freshman caps
and refrain from wearing their high
school letters.
