# Golfers Top SJS; Luceti Cards 67
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
Stanford's varsity golf team
whipped San Jose State by a 16M>
to 12V2 count Friday on the Stan
ford Golf Course. Ron Luceti led
the team scoring for Ihe Cards
with a phenomenal 67.
He parred the first six holes
while his opponent birdied five of
them. Then things reversed as
Luceti came from five strokes
behind to birdie the next five out
of seven holes and tie the score.
