# Frosh Plan Triad For Cal, San Jose At Wilbur Friday
## 
### 
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
Ticket sales continue this week
for the Grand Triad, sponsored
by the class of 'HO, which will be
held in Wilbur Hall court Friday
al 7:30 p.m.
The completely reorganized ex
change l>etwecn Cal, San Jose and
Stanford features an auction, a
tug-of-war, get-acquainted activi
ties and as highlight an outdoor
dance in the courtyard of Wilbur.
Gerun Moore's seven-piece band
has been contracted for the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
Co-chairmen of the Grand Triad,
Suz Chalberg and Dick Gilchrest,
have announced the committee
chairmen for the event. They are
Rhoda MakfieJd, band; Sylvia Pat
ten, refreshments; Barb Snidow,
decorations; Bob d'Alesio, me
chanics, and Bob Mang. publicity.
Dress will be very informal;
girls may wear Bermuda shorts,
if they wish.
Tickets may be obtained from
STREC representatives- in the
freshman living groups. Class
card holders' tickets will be 25
cents; non-cardholders, 75 cents.
