# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
IT'S SMART TO HAVE
YOUR CATERINC
DONE BY
The
HOME FOOD
SHOPPE
A revelation and delight
to your guests
P.A. 5757 376 Univ. Ave. j
