# Kansas Governor Calls Oil Conclave
## 
### 
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2G (UP).—
Governor Payne Ratncr tonight
called Midconlinent oil leaders to
meet him tomorrow and devise a
program to combat the Venezuela
reciprocal trade treaty, which he
said was an "apparent organized
buildup for federal control of the
oil industry."
Fatner recently protested to Sec
rotary of State Cordell Hull the
Venezuela treaty in so far as it
permits importation of crude oil at
one-half the former excise duty.
