# Showman Offers S.F. Fair Backing
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26 (UP).
—Showman Billy Rose, whose Aqua
cade was the hit of the New York
World's Fair, today bid $1,650,000
for control of the Golden Gate In
ternational Exposition in 1940.
With hope virtually abandoned
for reopening Treasure Island for a
second season, Rose stepped into
the picture and offered to put up
the entire bankroll which creditors
and campaigners had failed to raise.
Acceptance of Rose's offer rests
with several dissident groups. The
banking creditors of the exposition
already turned down the bid of a
public campaign and expressed the
opinion that a second year would be
a mistake. Contracting creditors
disagreed with the bankers and are
in favor of another season.
