# New Defense Tax Lowers Market
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
NEW YORK, Nov. 2G (UP).—Dis- '
cussion of a national defense emer- j
gency tax injected a new note of i
uncertainty in the stock market last !
week and sent security prices I
tumbling to the lowest levels since i
Sept. 18.
Possibility of the new tax ruffled j
an otherwise encouraging business
scene, in which many lines of activ
ity made better than seasonal show- i
ings around the best general levels i
since 1929. N
