# THE 						WAR IN BRIEF
## 
### United Press 
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
MOSCOW—Russia says Finnish
artillery fired on Soviet troops
wounding 115; note is handed
Finnish minister demanding with
drawal of Finnish army from its
"little Maginot Line"; official
newspaper Pravda demands resig
nation of Finnish government for
trying to provoke war against Rus
sia as a condition for resumption
of Soviet-Finnish negotiations.
HELSINKI—Finns categorically
deny Russian claim Finnish ar
tillery opened fire across frontier
and say there can be no with
drawal of troops.
BERLIN —Nazis say sea "Blitz
krieg" has driven Britain to de
fensive and that British navy now
is not safe in any port; claim an
other British cruiser was among
four warships hit by bombs in
North Sea on Saturday.
