# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
CLASSIFIED ADS
€>- — $
WANTED —To rent machine next Sat
urday and Sunday. Call Alice Smith,
P. A. 1057.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710^M.
TYPEWRITERS—New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Suttor 1521.
LOST — Wallet containing checks,
money order. Finder please return!
to E. 13. Antonell, 118 Encina. Re- j
ward.
LOST A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
LOST -Sheaffer Life-Time pon with
loose clip and gold band. J. J. Col
lins, Box 2051, Campus. Reward.
