# COLLEEN MOORE WILL STAR IN FILM VERSION OF "SALLY"
## 
### 
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
"Sally," a Ziegfeld stage success, |
has recently been purchased as a star
ring vehicle for Colleen Moore, whom
'everybody will remember as the "Per
fect Flapper."
Production will start two days after
I the U. S. C.-Stanford game (probably
|to let the cast recuperate from the
after-effects of the battle). Several
I companies have been attempting to
obtain "Sally" for screen purposes, so
! the purchase is considered a triumph
for First National.
i Miss Moore is now engaged in pro
ducing "So Big," which will soon be
completed.
