# Speakers' Bureau To Appoint Head
## 
### 
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
A new manager of the Stanford
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed
tonight by Brain Gorter, manager,
and George McKelvey, faculty ad
viser, and will be subject to the ap
proval of Ex Committee at. their
meeting tonight.
Candidates for manager are Bob
Wood. Lois Whitmore, and Pat Lay
ton. Selection will be made on the
basis of work on the bureau, expe
rience in handling speakers, and
class in school.
