# Alumni Elects Trio
## 
### 
Milton A. Miner, president of
Tridair Industries, Redondo
Beach, Cal., has been elected
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association.
Other officers named by the
Alumni Executive Board to guide
the 37,000-member voluntary
organization were Ralph P.
Davidson of Southport, Conn.,
associate publisher of Time
magazine, first vice president: and
Mrs. Donald Gabriel of Hollister,
Cal., second vice president. All
three assumed office this week.
Taking office as members of
the Alumni Executive Board at
the same meeting were six
members elected at the business
meeting of the Association in
June. They are Howard H. Hays,
'39, Riverside; David B. Heyler,
'4 8 and LLB '51, Los Angeles;
Charles M. Kober, '45, Long
Beach; Mrs. Fred Leonard Jr.
(Jean McCarter), '57, Ann Arbor,
Mich.; Edgar A. Luce, Jr., '46,
LLB '48, San Diego; and Richard
H. Reel, '4 3, Boca Raton, Fla.
The Stanford Alumni
Association, with nearly 4 0
percent of alumni as members, has
the largest percentage of members
among voluntary alumni
organizations. The 19-member
Executive Board guides its many
programs; the activities of some
8 0 Stanford clubs throughout the
world; a lodge at Fallen Leaf in
the Sierra; a wide range of
continuing education programs
including alumni colleges on the
campus and abroad; many other
social and educational gatherings;
and a publication sent to all
alumni eight times a year.
