# Athletic Prexy
## 
### 

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.

Jim Reynolds, student body presi
dent-eiect, who walked into the Olym
pic floodlight by winning the N.C.A.A.
shot put.
