# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carl y If
Jr wo If rs
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car Lb
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
