# J.M. GLEASON WILL TALK HERE SUNDAY
## 
### 
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
The regular weekly divine wor
ship and sermon will be held in
the Memorial Church at II o'clock
i Sunday morning. Right Rev. Mon
signor Joseph M. Gleason will de
liver the sermon and St. Francis
ido Sales, Church of Oakland, will
j act as rector.
'Adorumus fce" by Palestrina, and
"In Thee, O Lord, 1 Put My Trust,"
by Kalinnikoff, will form the musi
cal program.
