# ROBLE INFORMAL TO HAVE SPRING MOTIF
## 
### 
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
Through waving bamboo and flowers
will come the music of Ted Daniels'
orchestra Saturday night at the Roble
Club informal. Decorations for the
fiance will earn out a spring motif,
according to Uenita Nobs, dance chair
man.
Patrons and patronesses for the eve
ning are Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Roth, Dr.
and Mrs. T, A. Storey, and Mrs.
Shocklev.
