# JORDAN TO TALK ON POET
## 
### 
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
Personal reminiscences of Robert
Louis Stevenson will be the topic of
a lecture by Dr. David Stsrr Jordan
at the Community House in Palo Alto
this evning, at. 8:00. The charm of
Dr. Jordan's informal speaking, and
bis friendship with the loved writer
promise to make this evening's lec
ture one of unusual interest.
