# GALLI-CURCI DATE IS CHANGED FROM MAY 3 TO APRIL 29
## 
### 
The date for the concert of Mme.
Galli-Curci has been changed from May
3 to Thursday evening, April 29. The
regular seat sale for this concert has
been closed for the last two weeks, hut
will be reopened today at both the Stan
ford Bookstore and Crandall's in Palo
Alto.
Galli-Curci, now recognized as the
world's greatest soprano, is at present
appearing in Chicago. After her a'p
pearance there the Chicago Tribune de
scribed it as follows : "When the curtain
fell at the end of the second act of the
opera 'Rigoletto' in which she was ap
pearing, the claim, suave and sophisti
cated gathering rose in its seats and
cheered, shouted, and screamed its de
light with Mme'. Galli-Curci the 'Gilda'
of the oner-a. Nothing like her had been
heard in the six years in which Chicago
hail had an opera company named for
it."
