# Women's Sports Include Swimming and Baseball
## 
### 
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
Interest in women's athletics j,this
quarter, will be divided between swim
ming and baseball. Tt is planned to
arrange for a baseball game and a
swimming meet with Mills College later
in the quarter. .
Four class baseball teams will be
formed and interclass series played.
The games will be played on a sixty
foot diamond with the regulation league
ball. All women interested in baseball
are asked to try out for their class
teams. More senior women arc espe
cially asked to try out.
