# MORNING CHAPEL IS RESUMED
## 
### 
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
Morning prayers will be resumed at
(lie Memorial Church tomorrow morn
ing at 7:50 o'clock. The service is
short and arranged so as to give stu
dents having 8 o'clock classes ample
time to reach their class rooms.
