# Fair Play Council Presents Odetta
## 
### 
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
Odetta, folk and blues singer
praised after her last Bay Area
showing as a magnificent per
former with an extraordinary
"ability to swing," will be pre
sented in concert this Saturday
at Foothill College by the Palo
Alto Fair Play Council.
Formed in 1945 to assist dis
placed Japanese-Americans, th e
Council soon expanded its activi
ties to deal with all problems of
discrimination based on race, re
ligion, or national origin in the
Palo Alto area.
ONE OF ITS most successful
projects has been the Lawrence
Tract in South Palo Alto, a
planned interracial community
formed in 1948 with one-third
each of Caucasian, Negro, and
Oriental families. Since then it
has remained fully integrated, al
though no quotas have been en
forced.
Tickets are available at the Tre
sidder Box Office.
