# SPANISH SING CANCELED
## 
### 
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
According to Pat Charlton, presi
dent of Sigma Delta Pi, Spanish
honor society, the sing which the
organization had planned for tonight
has been canceled.
