# THETA XI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Mastin, '41; Ev
erett Hoffman, '41: Tevis Furguson,
'40; and Jack Buchanan, '42, to
Theta Xi.
