# Webfoot Practice Drills on Punting
## 
### 
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
EUGENE. Ore., Nov. 1 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver, satisfied with his
University of Oregon line and with
his general offense formations, to
day devoted an entire practice ses
sion to the Webfoots' two major
failings, inability to hang onto the
ball in scoring territory and lack of
punting prowess.
Oliver said he hoped to better the
D\icks' 16-year average last Satur
day in this week's game with Wash
ington State.
