# Prize Examinations in Sacred Literature.
## 
### 
The American Institute of Sa
cred Literature of Chicago offers
for the year 18t)6-5)7 six prizes for
the hest examinations in Hebrew,
New Testament Greek, and the
English 1 »ihie. The examinations
are open to all college men and wo
men in the United States and
Canada, and the prizes to he
awarded are $100 for the hest pa
per and $50 for the second hest pa
per in each of the three subjects
mentioned. The names of the suc
cessful contestants and of the in
stitutions with which they are con
nected will he published in the sec
ular and religious press of the
United States and Canada.
For forms of application and an
nouncements, inquiries should he
made of the American Institute of
Sacred Literature, Hyde Park, Chi
cago, 111. As there is no income to
the Institute from this work the
courtesy of return postage will he
appreciated.
The American Institute of Sa
cred Literature of Chicago offers
for the year 18t)6-5)7 six prizes for
the hest examinations in Hebrew,
New Testament Greek, and the
English 1 »ihie. The examinations
are open to all college men and wo
men in the United States and
Canada, and the prizes to he
awarded are $100 for the hest pa
per and $50 for the second hest pa
per in each of the three subjects
mentioned. The names of the suc
cessful contestants and of the in
stitutions with which they are con
nected will he published in the sec
ular and religious press of the
United States and Canada.
For forms of application and an
nouncements, inquiries should he
made of the American Institute of
Sacred Literature, Hyde Park, Chi
cago, 111. As there is no income to
the Institute from this work the
courtesy of return postage will he
appreciated.
The American Institute of Sa
cred Literature of Chicago offers
for the year 18t)6-5)7 six prizes for
the hest examinations in Hebrew,
New Testament Greek, and the
English 1 »ihie. The examinations
are open to all college men and wo
men in the United States and
Canada, and the prizes to he
awarded are $100 for the hest pa
per and $50 for the second hest pa
per in each of the three subjects
mentioned. The names of the suc
cessful contestants and of the in
stitutions with which they are con
nected will he published in the sec
ular and religious press of the
United States and Canada.
For forms of application and an
nouncements, inquiries should he
made of the American Institute of
Sacred Literature, Hyde Park, Chi
cago, 111. As there is no income to
the Institute from this work the
courtesy of return postage will he
appreciated.
The American Institute of Sa
cred Literature of Chicago offers
for the year 18t)6-5)7 six prizes for
the hest examinations in Hebrew,
New Testament Greek, and the
English 1 »ihie. The examinations
are open to all college men and wo
men in the United States and
Canada, and the prizes to he
awarded are $100 for the hest pa
per and $50 for the second hest pa
per in each of the three subjects
mentioned. The names of the suc
cessful contestants and of the in
stitutions with which they are con
nected will he published in the sec
ular and religious press of the
United States and Canada.
For forms of application and an
nouncements, inquiries should he
made of the American Institute of
Sacred Literature, Hyde Park, Chi
cago, 111. As there is no income to
the Institute from this work the
courtesy of return postage will he
appreciated.
The American Institute of Sa
cred Literature of Chicago offers
for the year 18t)6-5)7 six prizes for
the hest examinations in Hebrew,
New Testament Greek, and the
English 1 »ihie. The examinations
are open to all college men and wo
men in the United States and
Canada, and the prizes to he
awarded are $100 for the hest pa
per and $50 for the second hest pa
per in each of the three subjects
mentioned. The names of the suc
cessful contestants and of the in
stitutions with which they are con
nected will he published in the sec
ular and religious press of the
United States and Canada.
For forms of application and an
nouncements, inquiries should he
made of the American Institute of
Sacred Literature, Hyde Park, Chi
cago, 111. As there is no income to
the Institute from this work the
courtesy of return postage will he
appreciated.
