# California Teachers' Association.
## 
### 
The California State Teachers'
Association will hold its Thirteenth
Annual Session in San .Jose De
cember '2-S, 29, 80, and 81. An
extremely strong program is
arranged, and this will doubtless
he the most important educational
meeting ever held in the state, with

the exception of the meeting of the
National Association held in San
Francisco in LSBB. The Hon.
Win. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, will he
present, and will speak several
times. There will also headdresses
from Dr. \V. N. liailmann, Com
missioner of Indian Schools, and
from the leading school men of the
Coast. Stanford University is rep
resented hy Dr. Jordan, Professors
Goebel, Murray, Fliigel, Angel,
Sanford, Wood, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Clark, and Barnes, hy Mr. Sheldon.
?\1 iss Emma Myer, Miss Katharine
Adams, Mrs. Louise Maitland, Miss
E. Louise Smytlie, Miss Anna
Kohler, Miss Genevra Sisson, and
Mrs. Margaret Graham Hood.
The St. James Hotel will he head
quarters. Blanks for reduced rates
and programs may he obtained
from Miss Anna C. Murphy, Berke
ley, California.
The California State Teachers'
Association will hold its Thirteenth
Annual Session in San .Jose De
cember '2-S, 29, 80, and 81. An
extremely strong program is
arranged, and this will doubtless
he the most important educational
meeting ever held in the state, with

the exception of the meeting of the
National Association held in San
Francisco in LSBB. The Hon.
Win. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, will he
present, and will speak several
times. There will also headdresses
from Dr. \V. N. liailmann, Com
missioner of Indian Schools, and
from the leading school men of the
Coast. Stanford University is rep
resented hy Dr. Jordan, Professors
Goebel, Murray, Fliigel, Angel,
Sanford, Wood, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Clark, and Barnes, hy Mr. Sheldon.
?\1 iss Emma Myer, Miss Katharine
Adams, Mrs. Louise Maitland, Miss
E. Louise Smytlie, Miss Anna
Kohler, Miss Genevra Sisson, and
Mrs. Margaret Graham Hood.
The St. James Hotel will he head
quarters. Blanks for reduced rates
and programs may he obtained
from Miss Anna C. Murphy, Berke
ley, California.
The California State Teachers'
Association will hold its Thirteenth
Annual Session in San .Jose De
cember '2-S, 29, 80, and 81. An
extremely strong program is
arranged, and this will doubtless
he the most important educational
meeting ever held in the state, with

the exception of the meeting of the
National Association held in San
Francisco in LSBB. The Hon.
Win. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, will he
present, and will speak several
times. There will also headdresses
from Dr. \V. N. liailmann, Com
missioner of Indian Schools, and
from the leading school men of the
Coast. Stanford University is rep
resented hy Dr. Jordan, Professors
Goebel, Murray, Fliigel, Angel,
Sanford, Wood, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Clark, and Barnes, hy Mr. Sheldon.
?\1 iss Emma Myer, Miss Katharine
Adams, Mrs. Louise Maitland, Miss
E. Louise Smytlie, Miss Anna
Kohler, Miss Genevra Sisson, and
Mrs. Margaret Graham Hood.
The St. James Hotel will he head
quarters. Blanks for reduced rates
and programs may he obtained
from Miss Anna C. Murphy, Berke
ley, California.
The California State Teachers'
Association will hold its Thirteenth
Annual Session in San .Jose De
cember '2-S, 29, 80, and 81. An
extremely strong program is
arranged, and this will doubtless
he the most important educational
meeting ever held in the state, with

the exception of the meeting of the
National Association held in San
Francisco in LSBB. The Hon.
Win. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, will he
present, and will speak several
times. There will also headdresses
from Dr. \V. N. liailmann, Com
missioner of Indian Schools, and
from the leading school men of the
Coast. Stanford University is rep
resented hy Dr. Jordan, Professors
Goebel, Murray, Fliigel, Angel,
Sanford, Wood, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Clark, and Barnes, hy Mr. Sheldon.
?\1 iss Emma Myer, Miss Katharine
Adams, Mrs. Louise Maitland, Miss
E. Louise Smytlie, Miss Anna
Kohler, Miss Genevra Sisson, and
Mrs. Margaret Graham Hood.
The St. James Hotel will he head
quarters. Blanks for reduced rates
and programs may he obtained
from Miss Anna C. Murphy, Berke
ley, California.
The California State Teachers'
Association will hold its Thirteenth
Annual Session in San .Jose De
cember '2-S, 29, 80, and 81. An
extremely strong program is
arranged, and this will doubtless
he the most important educational
meeting ever held in the state, with

the exception of the meeting of the
National Association held in San
Francisco in LSBB. The Hon.
Win. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, will he
present, and will speak several
times. There will also headdresses
from Dr. \V. N. liailmann, Com
missioner of Indian Schools, and
from the leading school men of the
Coast. Stanford University is rep
resented hy Dr. Jordan, Professors
Goebel, Murray, Fliigel, Angel,
Sanford, Wood, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Clark, and Barnes, hy Mr. Sheldon.
?\1 iss Emma Myer, Miss Katharine
Adams, Mrs. Louise Maitland, Miss
E. Louise Smytlie, Miss Anna
Kohler, Miss Genevra Sisson, and
Mrs. Margaret Graham Hood.
The St. James Hotel will he head
quarters. Blanks for reduced rates
and programs may he obtained
from Miss Anna C. Murphy, Berke
ley, California.
