# Spitzer to Lecture On French Rebels
## 
### MICHAEL WAGGONER Associate Editor 
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
Dr. Alan B. Spitzer will discuss
“The Professional Revolutionary
in France” this afternoon at 4:30
in the main lounge of Tresidder.
This is part of the coffee hour
series, sponsored by the Program
division of Tresidder.
Spitzer’s talk will be directed at
the France of the nineteenth cen
tury. though it will also include
reference to the men of the
French Revolution and perhaps
to Communist revolutionaries of
this century.
Spitzer will discuss only the rev
olutionaries of the left, ranging
from neo - Jacobins to socialists,
and not those on the right, like
Boulanger.
His talk will consider the effect
on both the individual and the so
ciety of people who make a life
time of revolution and destroying
the established order. It will not
cover the men who might just oc
casionally try a coup d’etat, nor
those who talk revolution but stay
within the law.
This commitment to revolution
caused agonizing reappraisals
among the French socialists-revo
lutionaries near the turn of the
century, when they had to decide
whether to work with the estab
lished order for piecemeal im
provement of conditions or to com
bat the established order in hopes
of building a revolution to destroy
it.
Spitzer is visiting associate pro
fessor of history from the State
University of lowa. He is author
of “The Revolutionary Theories of
Louis Augute Blanqui”, dealing
with one of the leading revolu
tionary French socialists of the
nineteenth century.
