# Hum Bio curriculum moves to junior high
## 
### Wendy Bjerknes Staff writer 
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
Stanford's undergraduate pro
gram in Human Biology has re
ceived a $2.7 million grant from
the National Science Foundation
to improve biology classes in
some of the nation's middle
schools.
The project's goal is to develop
a curriculum in human biology
that will stimulate the interest
of young people in science while
also dealing with the serious so
cial, behavioral and health prob
lems facing them, including
controversial subjects such as
sex education and evolution.
Another goal of the program
is "to make science not only
available, but to demonstrate
that it is not an elitist activity,
that women and minority stu
dents can do it, eryoy it and
become successful at it," accord
ing to Human Biology Director
H. Craig Heller.
Topics will include human di
versity, both biological and cul
tural; biological and
psychological human develop
ment; peer groups and peer pres
sure; sexual behavior and
reproductive physiology; and
nervous system function and the
effects of drugs.
Additional subjects will in
clude physiology, genetics and
environmental sciences.

"Traditional biology will be
the foundation of the curricu
lum, but whenever appropriate,
concepts will be presented with
examples illustrative of adoles
cent physiology and behavior,"
Lorraine Morgan, one of the as
sociate project directors, said.
"Now and in the future, it's
exceedingly important for indi
viduals to be science-literate if
they are to be healthy, fully
particiating members of our so
ciety," Heller said.
The program brings together
Stanford faculty and students
from the Schools of Education,
Medicine and Humanities and
Sciences, in addition to practic
ing teachers, middle school stu
dents and alumni of the Human
Biology Program.
Helping teachers use the pro
gram effectively is vital to its
success, Heller believes.
Summer workshops will help
the teachers integrate the cur
riculum into their classes, ac
cording to Education Prof. Mary
Budd Rowe, another associate
project director.
Teachers can also view
videotapes of human biology
core courses at Stanford, which
will be supplemented with writ
ten materials. These materials
include a synopsis of each lec
ture, cross-references to other
lectures and other recommended
readings.
