# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
«p|
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY PA. 8431
