# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
Take Pictures
of that
Halloween
Party
Let us show you how to
take pictures indoors
It's easy and inexpensive
Cameras complete with
flash attachment as low
as $4.95
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
