# KANSAS FLOODS WRECK CITIES
## 
### 

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.

THIS LATEST PICTURE of the floods in Kansas shows part of the
business district of Abilene, Ka., where the Smoky Ilill river inun
dated the entire region. Several hundred families were driven from
their homes in this city alone.
