# RUSS, JAPANESE FIGHT IN SIBERIA
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 27 (UP).—A Si
berian border clash between Japa
nese and Russian troops was re
ported today as foreign military
quarters, showing increasing anxi
ety over Japanese fleet activities,
speculated on the possibility Japan
might try to seize Russia's half of
Sakhalin Island or make big-scale
raids on China's Burma Road from
French Indo-China.
