# Tennis Tournament.
## 
### 
In the second series of the tour
nament to decide upon the intercol
legiate tennis players the results
were as follows: Oskison beat Mc-
Neil 6-3, 4-6, 6-2; Francis beat
Pratt 6-4, 4-6, 6-4; McGilvray
beat Schneider 4-6, 6-0, 6-0; Bar
tholomew beat Freeman by default.
In the next series Francis beat Os
kison 6-4, 6-2; McGilvray beat
Bartholomew.
McGilvray and Francis contested
in an exciting set yesterday after
noon, the former winning 6-3,6-4,
3-6,6-0. McGilvray will play Pieher
for championship in the tourna
ment. In the doubles McNeil and
Abbott beat Johnson and Page 6-3,
11-9; Schneider and Spencer beat
Klauber and Francis by default.
The finals have not yet been played.
