# Scholarship Committee to Meet.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
The first meeting of the Faculty
Scholarship Committee this semes
ter will be held to-morrow. All
cases of delinquent scholarship
will be decided and the warning
cards issued either Saturday or
Monday.
