# Exercises Will Be Held Friday.
## 
### 
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
Friday being the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford, all
classes will be suspended, and
Founder's Day will be observed.
At 11 o'clock in the Assembly Hall
Dean Hodges and Professors An
derson and James will address the
student body. Dr. Jordan will
preside, and will speak briefly. A
try-out track meet will be held in
the afternoon, and Dr. Blodgett is
arranging a suitable program for
the organ recital at 4 o'clock.
