# SENIORS SHUT OUT
## JUNIORS WIN SECOND INTER CLASS GAME 2 TO 0. Chalmers Holds 1906- Team Down to Two Hits.—Hendricks Pitches Good Ball. 
### 
In a close and exciting game the
Juniors took the measure of the
Seniors this afternoon by a score
of 2to 0. Chalmers held the 1906
team down to two scattered hits
and was backed up by almost per
fect fielding. Hendricks and Dud
ley played the whole game for the
Senior team, the former striking
out six men and allowing only four
hits. In the ninth inning a single,
a base on balls and a hit bat
ter filled the bases for the Sen
iors with no outs. A fast double
play by Salisbury unassisted shut
off the threatened runs. The game
ended in a rush between the two
classes with the ball in the posses
sion of the Juniors. The Seniors
substituted Greer for Matthews in
center field, and the Juniors put
Nissen in Stagner's place. The
score follows:
R. H. E.
Juniors 2 4 3
Seniors 0 2 7
Batteries —Chalmers and Presley;
Hendricks and Spaulding.
