# Dean Hodges Will Speak To-morrow.
## 
### 
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
To-morrow afternoon at the ves
per services Dean Hodges will de
liver the second of his Lenten ad
dresses.
