# WOMENâ€™S FENCING HONORS WON BY CALIFORNIA TEAM
## 
### 
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
In twenty-five fencing matches so
closely contested that victory was a
question of momentary triumph, the
women of the California fencing team
wrested the intercollegiate champion
ship at the foils at Roble Gymnasium
this morning from the Stanford fen
cers by a score of 14 to 11. The hand
some trophy donated last year by
Spalding & Co. to the university win
ning two out of three tournaments
thus becomes the property of Cali
fornia, which was successful in 1913.
The matches commenced at 8:30
o'clock in order to permit the par
ticipants to attend the baseball game,
and gave an opportunity for an excel
lent exhibition, both teams being !n
fine fettle. Misses Ferrier, de La
guna Edgerly, N. Sheffield, and L.
Sheffield represented California. The
women who defended the Cardinal
were Misses Gard, Trent, Hitchcock,
Eustace, and Odenheimer. Mr. Ver
'lier of the Olympic Club acted as
referee.
