# President Jordan in Chicago.
## 
### 
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
President Jordan arrived in Chi
cago yesterday and visited the cam
pus of the university there. He
left for Stanford to-day.
