# Adv. 48 Page 15
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
Camp Counselors and Lifeguards
needed! Come have a summer of
FUN and SUNSHINE! Great pay,
food and colleagues. Download
application @ www.castilleia.org
or call Nancy Nagramada @
650-328-3160x109
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
111 1
K
lii twAViViVMwi ii pi i> ii '*> [a ei'iiiii
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
