# Donations of Clothing.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
The Y. M. C. A. lias in past sea
sons collected clothing in Palo Alto
and on the campus, sorted and re
packed it, and sent it to various
charitable institutions. The phil
anthropic work has been done in
telligently, and in each case the
needs of the institutions have been
carefully considered. This fall
this committee has received re
quests for clothing of any descrip
tion and desires to make up Christ
mas boxes. If any persons having
articles to give will send their
names and addresses immediately
to box 5, campus, it will be much
appreciated by the committee.
Garments will be sent for by the
Association, so the donors will be
put to as little inconvenience as
possible.
