# Scholarships
## 
### 
Columbia Graduate School of
Journalism: Awards from $100
to $3200 fur one year program at
Columbia. Applicants should con
tact Dean Edward W. Barrett at
the office of the Graduate School,
New York 27.
Institute of International Indu
ration: More than 900 scholar
ships and 200 fellowships for
graduate study in 15 foreign
countries for the academic year
1960 01. Fulbright scholarships
for graduate study or doctoral
research, and Inter - Amorican
Cultural Convention awards for
study in Latin America arc of
feree!.
For further information and
application forms write Informa
lion and Counseling Division, In
stitute of International Educa*
lion, 1 East 67th St., New York
21, or to the regional office, 291
Geary St., San Francisco 2.
