# Hurlbut Named To Professorship
## 
### 
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
Law Professor John B. Ilurlbut
has been named to a newly en
dowed professorship, resulting
from a bequest from the Jackson
Eli Reynolds estate. Reynolds,
'96, was former president of Hie
First National Bank of New
York.
Ilurlbut, who received his M.A.
and LL.B. degrees from Stan
lord, has been on the faculty
since 1937, and has been a full
professor since 1942. He is a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and
Order of the Coif, highest scho
lastic law society.
