# Lewis Serves Strike Notice
## 
### 
. WASHINGTON, April .50 (UP).â€”
President John L. Lewis of the Uni
ted Mine Workers served notice to
day that 75,000 anthracite miners
will join the nationwide coal strike
May 31 unless their new contract
demands are met.
He filed 30 - day strike notices
with three government agencies, as
required by law, and also advised
Chairman W. W. Inglis of the an
thracite operators' negotiating com
mittee that the three UMW anthra
cite districts were exorcising thier
right to reopen the existing con
tract.
The contract provides that the
operators must meet with the mine
union within 10 days to open nego
tiations.
Lewis informed Inglis the anthra
cite workers want a new contract
"affecting wages, hours, rules, prac
tices, differentials, inequalities,
compensation and occupational dis
ease laws, welfare, health, safety,
and all other pertinent matters af
fecting or appertaining to the an
thracite industry."
The demands arc much the same
as those which causcd the 30-day
old soft coal walkout, on which col
lective bargaining talks were re
sumed here yesterday after a lomj
deadlock.
