# Menu Revision Measures Told
## 
### 
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
Reports from campus residences
indicate that many are considering
revision of standard menus to con
serve food for the famine emergency
overseas. To aid students in choos
ing practical measures, the following
list of suggestions has been drawn
up:
Individual saving should be 40 per
cent wheat and 20 per cent fats.
Through sensible application of this
goal, it can be accomplished.
Wheat cereals can be replaced with
oatmeal and corn cereals. Bread can
be eliminated from meals by substi
tuting corn bread, potatoes, and oth
er starches. Cakes and pies can be
labeled luxury items. Salad oils and
unnecessary fats can be cut out com
pletely. All fried foods can be cut
out. A teaspoon of fat a day saved
by every person in the United States
will mean a total saving of at least
one million pounds of fat daily.
