# Sprinkler System Gives Encina Bath
## 
### 
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
F.ncina Hall's automatic sprinkler
system went off Tuesday night flood
in-: rooms 20 and HI in the basement.
An overheated paper storage room
caused the sprinklers to react, said
firemen who answered a call from the
building. One flooded room is occu
pied by Chuck Grant, a resident as
sistant.
