# Untitled Article
## 
### 


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.


TOUGH CUSTOMERS — Les
Richter's running - mate on the
mythical all-PCC team will prob
ably be decided when Ted Hoik -
knecht (above) and Norm Ma
noogian (below) clash on Satur
day. Stanford cohorts are betting
on Manoogian, who has been
opening gaping holes in enemy
lines all year and pulling out of
the line to give Gary Kerkorian
stellar protection on pass plays.
