# THREE CARDS, A TRIO OF BEARS AND HALF THE STANFORD TEAM IN ACTION AGAINST WASHINGTON
## 
### 


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).


It's lrtake or break for the three
Cards on the left—Jay Tod. scrappy
right end; Ernie Caddcl, smooth-run
ning right halfback, and Dusty Allen,
the forward-passing quarterback.
A few reasons why the Berkeley
boys believe they can repeat this year
are shown on the right. Phil Klein,
sensational sophomore who was injured
early in the season, may do some full
hacking. Gus Castro, a smart quarter
back and fancy pass-receiver, rates a
spot in the announced starting lineup.
Henry Schaldach. the king pin of hard
luck halfbacks, is out to do the same
thing he did last year—beat the In
dians.
Below is a picture of Stanford in
action against Washington this year.
The Cards shown are Bill Bates (17),
Jack Hillman (2). Stan Anderson (Xd),
Ted Kite (42). Phil Baker (10), and
Ernie Caddcl (16).
