# Bradshaw's Field Running Rated As Best In West
## 
### 
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
"Rabbit" Bradshaw, the backfielct
coach, is still remembered ior his
great open-field play at Nevada. He
is said to be one of the best open
field runners that the West Coast
has ever produced.
While playing football he was a
regular at two different universi
ties. His sophomore year was spent
at Illinois and his last two years
wore spent at Nevada. After finish
ing college he played professional
football with "Red"' Grange and
then with George Wilson.
In 1928 he came to Stanford to
coacji the backfield for "Pop." Since
then he has spent his time in drill
ing and perfecting the Cardinal of
fense.
In five games played so far this
year, Cooper Union College of New
York has the unusual distinction of
having had 199 points scored against
them and not having made a single
point themselves.
