# FOUR BIG SHOTS IN NAVY BILL'S BARRAGE; WILL THEIR ZERO HOUR MEAN—
## 
### 

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)

Here are four Califor
nia Bears who are apt
to go over the top in a
big way when they
stack lip against Stan
ford tomorrow. Left to
right they are Hank
Schaldaeh, left half;
Jim Keefer, right half;
Lee Valianos, fullback;
and C*ns Castro, quar
ter. Valianos is the only
doubtful starter. His
place may be taken by
Milo Quisling.
Critics gave U.C. a
good chance to unleash
a victorious barrage in
the Southern California
game, but the transbay
eleven couldn't deliver
—even when the statis
tics were greatly in its
favor. The same situa
tion applied to Stanford
when it played the Tro
jans. What will happen
tomorrow?
(Examiner Photo)
