# THEY LIKE FOOTBALL
## 
### 
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
Located in (he wilds of Barbours
villo, West Virginia, is Morris Har
vey College, probably the smallest
school in the country with a foot
ball team which plays in regular
games. With only severity-six stu
dents enrolled, barely enough to
make up a football squad at most
schools, Morris Harvey had last year
a football team which played ten
games, winning five of them.
Dave Woodward has been head of
trainers at Minnesota for 10 years.
1925 J4 2G Stanford
192G 6 41 Stanford
192 G 13 Stanford
192 13 13 Tie
192 G 21 Etanford
193 0 41 Stanford
193 3 0 California
193 ? ? ????
