# BATES SCORE RECORD
## 
### 
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
Bates College of Lewiston, Maine
claims some sort of record lor the !
lack of scoring in games which it |
has played this season. Having com- j
pleted a seven game schedule, Bates j
has scored 18 points and has had 27 i
points scored against them, which is
an average of about a'touchdown be
tween two teams per game. Bates
has played such teams as Arnold,
Yale, Tufts, Rhode Islands, Maine, :
Bowdoin, and Colby.
