# MacSWINEY'S MIND APPEARS CLOUDED
## 
### United Press 
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
LONDON, Oct. 13. —Terence Mac-
Swiney's mind is reported clouded
today, as he began his third month
of hunger striking. MacSwiney spent
a poor night and is regarded as much
weaker.
