# Death Claims Wife of Labor Secretary
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—Mrs, Agnes
Wilson, wife of Secretary of Labor
Wilson, died today. Mrs. Wilson had
been an invalid for ten years, as a
result of a paralytic stroke.
