# SOVIET SOLDIERS BATTLE WORKMEN IN STREETS OF MOSCOW
## 
### United Press 
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
"STOCKHOLM. Oct. 13—Official dis
patches reported soviet troops are at
tacking barricaded workmen in the
streets of Moscow. Authorities are
alarmed by anti-soviet demonstrations
in factories at Moscow. They are said
to be concentrating troops there.
