# Y.W.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
Miss Ida Holman, '06, will lead
the Young Women's Christian As
sociation meeting in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30. The topic is
"Dealing with Doubt." Miss Mary
Shannon Smith will be the speaker.
