# Guild Collections.
## 
### 
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
For the benefit of those who may
find it more convenient, arrange
ments have been made with J. E.
McDowell, in the Registrar's office,
to receive money and receipt bills
on behalf of the treasurer of the
Students' Guild.
