# Faculty Committee Sponsors Talks on Russian Intelligensia
## 
### 
The Faculty Seminar in East
European Studies, headed by Pro
fessor Wayne S. Vucinich, with
the help of Ihe Institute on Inter
national Relations, is sponsoring
a Conference on the Russian In
tel ligensia. this Friday and Sat
urday, in Room 270 of Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The conference will consist of
five talks by prominent Russian
and Central European historians
and political scientists. Most of
the five men are connected with
California schools.
The first talk, 2 p.m. Friday,
will be on "Religion and R u s
sian Intelligensia,' by Professor
George Florovsky of the Harvard
Divinity School. Following this
speech. Professor Martin Malia
of the University of California
will speak on "The Institutional
Bases of the Russian Inteligen
sia." Professor Donald Treadgold
of the University of Washington
will serve as chairman for the
two speeches.
From 8-9 p.m., Friday night,
Professor Anatole Ma/our of
Stanford will serve as chairman
in Cubberley Auditorium for a
speech to be given by Professor
George Florovsky on "State and
Church in Russia Since Peter the
Great."
The second day of the confer
ence will begin with a speech by
Professor James Rogers of Clare
mont Men's College on "Social
Darwinism: East and West," 10

a.m. in Tresidder Union, Room
270. The final speech of the con
ference. introduced by Professor
Nicholas Riasanovsky of the Uni
versity of California, will be
"Science and Rationalist Tradi
tion in 19th Century Russia," by
Professor Alexander Vucinich of
San Jose State Colege.
Students will be able to speak
to professors at coffee hours fol
lowing the talks. Students inter
ested in this field of Â«tudy are
especially urged to attend. Since
these talks are based on current
research.
Further information on the
conference is available from the
lIR European Desk, headed by
Susie Roberts, in the Loft at the
ASSU Offices.
