# Schmidt to Make Television Film
## 
### 
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
Professor Harold C. Schmidt,
Stanford University choral direc
tor, has been selected by Harvard
University to make an educational
television film, "How to Train a
Chorus," this summer.
Dr. Schmidt will make the film
in Harvard's Sanders Theater. He
will start the program with a
group of vocalists who have never
sung together before. All phases
of choral singing will be dealt
with, closing with the finished
product. The movie will take all
summer to make.
The film will be made by a crew
from Station WGBH, which is sup
ported by Harvard, Boston Uni
versity, M.1.T., Brandeis, Tufts
and other eastern universities,
and will be financed by the Edu
cational Television Center at Ann
Arbor, Michigan.
It will be distributed through
the educational television net
work, of which Station KQED,
Channel 9, San Francisco, is a
member.
Professor Schmidt is a Harvard
alumnus and former director of
the Harvard Glee Club. He has
been at Stanford since 1947.
