# Farm Willkie Club Gains Momentum
## 
### 
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
Organization of a Willkie-for-
President Club is underway on the
Stanford campus after an informal
get-acquainted meeting of Willkie
supporters in the Nitery Wednesday
evening.
The 50 students present indicated
their willingness to campaign for the
Republican nominee. Chairman
Jack Laughlin issued a call for more
workers, and announced that volun
teers can sign up with a representa
tive of the club who will be at a
desk in the Nitery all day Friday.
Pins and stickers will be available
there.
Chalk talks on campaign strategy
were made by O. H. Blackman, head
of the Palo Alto Republican Club,
and Coach Husky Hunt. A second
meeting is planned for early next
week to assign workers their tasks
and get the campaign formally
launched.
