# Stock Exchange Shows Slight Drop
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20 (UP).
—Leading issues on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange slumped frac
tionally today in moderately active
trading.
Most losses ranged from Vh to Vj,
points. But Super Mold lost 3'«
points and closed at 20, and Fire
man's Fund Indemnity was up 2'i>
points. California Oregon Power o's,
1927 Series, gained one point.
