# Oregon Holds Light Drill for Marine Tilt
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 26 (UP).—
The University of Oregon and San
Diego Marine football squads got
their first look at each other today
as light workouts were held on the
university training fields in prepa
ration for the game tomorrow night.
A downpour of rain late tonight gave
promise of continuing tomorrow and
providing the additional elements of
wet grass and slippery football for
the season opener.
