# FACES FIRST TEST AT KEZAR
## 
### 

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.

THE FIRST TEST of Coach Clark Shaughnessy's 1!)40 Stanford Indians
will take place tomorrow at Kezar Stadium when the Cards meet the
U.S.F. Dons. It will he Stanford's first game since Shaughncssy took
over.
