# Adv. 26 Page 9
## 
### 
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
Americans with
Disabilities Act
How does it
apply to you?
Find out at a workshop
for people with
disabilites and their
parents.
You'll learn how ADA
affects the following:
■ State and local
governments
■ Employment
■ Private business
entities
■ Transportation
■ Telecommunications
TODAY
7 p.m.
Kimball Hall
Lounge
