# Memorial Massacre
## 
### 
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
The Cardinal clobbered the Golden
Bears in Berkeley Saturday in the
95th Big Game. With the victory,
Stanford ensured that The Axe will
remain on campus for a sixth con
secutive year. Improving its overall
record to 9-3, the Cardinal gave
head coach Bill Walsh a 6-2 confer
ence record and a share of the
Pacific 10 championship in his
return to college football.

Stanford 41
California 21


Joshua Polk — buliy


Al Green — Daily


Joshua
