# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
i ; ■ „ ..
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
