# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
bill. J
CANCER.
NOT
KNOWING
THE R SKS
IS YOUR
GREATEST
RISK.
A lot of people
think cancer is un
beatable.
That simply
isn't true. In lact,
over two million
people have had
cancer and survived
to lead happy,
normal lives.
And not only
can cancer be
beaten, it can also
be prevented.
There are defi
nite precautions
that have beer,
proven to decrease
your risk of getting
certain cancers.
Talk with your
physician about
how often you
need cancer-related
checkups.
Ask your local
American Cancer
Society to send
you a free bcxiklet
about cancer risks.
Ix'arn the facts
about cancer.
And make not
knowing the risks,
one less risk.
AMERICAN
j CANCER
112 SOCIETY
How you live
may save your life.
A Gift to the
AMI UK AH lAPii IKMHIIH
MF.MOKIAL
T I'KCXiKAM
hhmiis so huh h
in ('.nicer control.
