# Earth Crisis
## 
### 
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
rSteel Pulse

Main of the musicians in
the world of reggae exhibit
in their music an awareness
of current social and politi
cal realities, unlike their
counterparts in the socio-
unconscious world
of pop music. "Earth
Crisis." the latest effort
from Steel Pulse, is a blis
tering attack on the vio

lence. greed and ignorance
of our world — few escape
the stab of lyricist David
Hinds* pen.
The political leaders in
"Bodyguard" who hesitate
to venture out without
protection for fear ol assas
sination get little sympathy
— "Polytricksters drinking
human blood Von fretting,
you sweating, you checking I
just can't sorr\ for the
bodyguard."
Industrialization shares
the blame in "Earth Crisis"
— "Super powers have a
plan, undermining Third
World man Suck their lands
ot minerals, creating famine
and pestilence. Un
restrained technology is the
culprit in "Wild Goose
Chase" — "The world is an

unconscious lavatory/Using
my people has guinea pigs."
Optimism is not com
pletely absent from "Earth
Crisis. - ' • Grab Education"
reminds us of the hope we
must place in the children of
the world; "Steppin Out"
celebrates music and the
unity it can bring; "Throne
of Gold" is a love song, the
message of which is obvious.
The final notes of "Earth
Crisis" are perhaps the most
telling, however, as David
Hinds sings "On a wild goose
chase, laws of natures they
just can't face/Ambition is
to mash up the place, tell
me who shall save de
HUMAN RACE."
("Earth Crisis" will be
featured on hi. at 10 a.m.
during Album Week.)


Klektra/ Asylum Records
