# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
if
// Vi
M
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El C.imino Real across from
Stadium
