# Committee Head
## 
### 

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.

JOSEPH E. DA VIES, chairman of
the President's Committee on War
Relief Agencies, announces that
700 organizations are appealing
for contributions to war-relief
funds and other charities in the
U.S. He estimates they will col
lect upward of $700,000,000 this
year.
