# Fraternity Council To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
Interfraternity Council meets to
night at the Zete house for a G
o'clock dinner. Jim Haugh will pre
side over the meeting at which three
new members of the Interfraternity
Board of Control will be elected.
Last week the council put forward
several new rushing rules at the
suggestion of Sandy Tatum, row
rushing chairman.
