# SCHMELING SHUNNED
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14 (UP). —All
organizations in the United States
interested in the boycott of Nazi
Germany today were invited by the
Jewish War Veterans of America to
co-operate in the boycott of the ex
hibition boxing tour of Max Schme
ling through 22 cities this spring.
