# CAMPUS OPINION
## TRY A CHAIN LETTER 
### 
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
The Editoi, Sir:
The Executive Committee has def
initely and finally vetoed the famous
King and Queen contest designed to
raise funds for Stanford's "Own" and
I feel that this creates a definite void
in the social and economic life of
the campus. I am painfully aware
of the sins (you heard, me, SINS)
committed in the name of charity,
sweet charity, and I am the last to
favor the continuation of any institu
tion, however commendable its pur
pose may be, which casts a shadow
on the fair name of Stanford. There
fore, I propose that a new type of
contest be inaugurated for the next
Masque Ball. The purpose of this
contest will be to determine the most
disliked, disgusting, and boorish lug
on the campus. For the fee of $1 any
one may enter a candidate and
thereafter the voting will be free to
all. Money will be raised for the
Convalescent Home by permitting
candidates to buy ofl votes at a pen
ny apiece.
This plan has all the virtues and
none of the weaknesses of the old
King and Queen contests. It will
promote comradeship, the "hello"
tradition, the giving of rides from
the Paly bus station, and less cut
ting in at the jolly-ups. Stanford
students will become even more
friendly than now as each will fear
that an unsocial act will result in a
nomination for the all - campus
s.o.b. list. There will be no vulgar
advertising such as sky-writing or
gadding about on elephants for the
candidates will seek obscurity, not
notoriety. Thus the administration
will feel at ease, money will be
raised for a worthy cause, and the
winds of freedom once more will
blow through the arches of the quad.
Respectfully yours,
J. C. S.
