# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
Professor Robert E. Swain,
head of the chemistry depart
ment, last night paid Dr.
Franklin the following tribute:
"It is not often in a lifetime
that one finds anyone who has
lived so abundantly and so
fruitfully as Professor Frank
lin. He was a remarkable teach
er whose influence on many
generations of Stanford stu
dents over more than three
decades of time is simply be
yond measure; a productive
scholar of the very first rank
and a lovable companion and
colleague whose fine attributes
of mind and character left their
impress upon everyone who
had the privilege of knowing
him."
