# Hope Teams Will Visit North.
## 
### 
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
C. R. Crider, '07, secretary of the
Associated Students, is in receipt of
a letter from Milnor Roberts, 99,
president of the Stanford Club in Se
attle, in regard to the visit of the
team there. "On behalf of the Stan
ford Club of Puget Sound I desire
to say that we hope to have the
pleasure of frequent visits from Stan
ford teams in the future,' Roberts
writes. Roberts is dean of the Uni
versity of Washington school of
mines.
