# DOWN TO LEAGUE FINALS.
## 
### 
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
Semi-finals in the Interfraternity
baseball league will be played tomor
row morning at ten o'clock between
the Kappa Sigma and Delta Upsilon
teams. The winner of this game will
meet the Sigma Nil nine on Monday
afternoon for the championship cup.
Sigma Nn won from Beat Tlieta Pi in
a close game yesterday 4 to 3. Bat
teries—Sigma Nu. Knhl and Hurley.
Beta Theta Pi, Harrigan and Work
man. Delta Upsilon defeated Theta
Delta Chi 15 to 11 yesterday. Batter
ies—Delta Upsilon, Peters and Whit
aker. Theta Delta Chi. Davis and
Belcher.
