# DISCUSS AMENDMENTS AT MEETING IN UNION TONIGHT
## 
### 
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
Professors F. B. Garver, V. .T. West,
A. S. Johnson, C. B. Wing, and R. L.
Green will discuss state amendments
that will appear on the ballot next
Tuesday, at a meeting to be held in
the Union tonight at 7:30. The single
tax, direct primary, ineligibility to
office act, the state highway and pro
hibition amendments are the proposi
tions tliat arc to be considered in de
tail this evening.
