# WHAT BETTER CAUSE?
## 
### 
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
Unsung and forgotten no doubt by
comrades in France calloused from
countless deaths, Stanford's soldier
professor was brought back in spirit
to his old hunting grounds, that he
might receive the appreciation of his
University. As an expression of ad
miration and esteem for the self-sac
rificing volunteer, who fought bravely
under the tri-color flag, Stanford
must unite in establishing a memorial
representation in the American Field
Ambulance Service.
********
But a few days back, warm friends
undertook the inauguration of an ac
tive campaign for the purpose of rais
ing sixteen hundred dollars, which is
the total expense of the project. Im
mediate response greeted the request
for contributions from alumni and fac
ulty members, both only too glad to
add their pittance of a few silver
pieces. Commencing this evening and
continuing for the brief interval of
one week, students will be afforded
the privilege of lending their financial
aid.
• • • • m
When, in the course of the next few
days, Stanford men and women are
asked for slight subscriptions, may
Robert Edouard Pellissier be remem
bered —one who unhesitatingly sur
rendered home, friends, and future,
for what was considered a sacred
duty. And while generous donations
are poured in, also recall that Stan
ford University of the open-hearterl
west is only following the lead of the
great educational institutions of the
east, by caring for the wounded # of
Europe's most sanguinary battlefield.
