# Clean-Up Campaign Will End With Report Tonight
## 
### 
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
Complete reports of the campus clean
up for the "First Million" will be sub
mitted at the final supper meeting of the
endowment committees at 7 o'clock to
night in the Union. Chances for an
average contribution of 90 per cent or
better looked remote from the last fig
ures turned in at the endowment offices
Wednesday morning, with approximately
half of the listed students yet to be in
terviewed in the three days remaining.
About $12,(XX) has been pledged so far,
an average of $50 apiece being main
tained.
