# The 						Farce To-Morrow Night.
## 
### 
Owing to lack of seating accommo
dation for the large Dumber that de
sire to witness the farce, those in
charge have decided to have it re
peated to-morrow night There will
be no reserved seats, however, and
changes will be made in the local
hits so as to make the evening an in
teresting one for those in attend
ance. In addition, comic songs will
till up the intervals between acts.
Shirley Baker with songs and banjo
will be on hand, and all who were
unable to get seats for to-uight will
be highly entertained to morrow
evening.
Owing to lack of seating accommo
dation for the large Dumber that de
sire to witness the farce, those in
charge have decided to have it re
peated to-morrow night There will
be no reserved seats, however, and
changes will be made in the local
hits so as to make the evening an in
teresting one for those in attend
ance. In addition, comic songs will
till up the intervals between acts.
Shirley Baker with songs and banjo
will be on hand, and all who were
unable to get seats for to-uight will
be highly entertained to morrow
evening.
