# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of nil the
members of the Boat Club Monday
evening. It is earnestly urged that
not only the members, but those
who desire to join the club, and also
all who are interested in boating af
fairs be in attendance in order that
tome decided business may be ac
complished. There must be no un
certainty and lagging behind in the
matter of our crew, and immediate
steps must be taken at this meeting
in order to put the affair 011 a work
ing basis.
There will be a meeting of nil the
members of the Boat Club Monday
evening. It is earnestly urged that
not only the members, but those
who desire to join the club, and also
all who are interested in boating af
fairs be in attendance in order that
tome decided business may be ac
complished. There must be no un
certainty and lagging behind in the
matter of our crew, and immediate
steps must be taken at this meeting
in order to put the affair 011 a work
ing basis.
