# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
There will be a group picture
taken of the Block and Circle "S"
Society today at 3:15 in front of
Cubberley Auditorium. All mem
bers are requested to wear their
sweaters.
