# MONEY NOT REQUIRED WITH PLEDGES TO '28 GIFT FUND SAYS CALL
## 
### 
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
"Pledges to the Class of 1928 En
downment Fund are eoming in quite
satisfactorily," Harry Call, chairman
of the endowment committee, said
yesterday. "Some of the seniors ap
parently misunderstood our plan be
cause money has been sent in with
pledges in some instances. It is not
required that money be sent in at this
time," Call said. "Those contributing
to the fund should indicate on the
pledge cards the amout they will con
tribute and the date on which it will
be convenient for them to send in
the money."
Call asks that all the pledges be in
before April 10. The money is to be
applied to the Alumni University
Fund and is to be used as necessity
demands for the development of the
University, and for its emergency re
quirements.
