# UNIVERSITY OF OREGON DEBATERS
## 
### 
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
Oregon varsity debaters who will oppose the Cardinal team in the Assembly
Hall tonight on the question of intervention. Veterans of two years' experi
ence, they will defend the present policy of the United States government.


JOE McKEOWN


WALTER DURGAN
