# What to Do With Those Bikes on Quad
## 
### 
For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

For those poor, misguided souls who apparent
ly didn't read The Daily and discover that bi
cycles are now banned on Inner Quad, and for
all others, the above shows where (and where
not) to leave your "wheels" around the entire
Quad area. The"I"" indicates areas set aside for

hike parking areas. The number of bicycles on
Inner Quad has dropped noticeably in the past
two days to the point where some students are
now giving those bringing bikes on Inner Quad
the "Stanford Hiss," and pedestrians are enjoy
ing the iimisnal feeling of safety oil Inner Quad.

