# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The three orders from the Presi
dent's office, published in another
column, will appeal to every rea
sonable person as being eminently
just, but the strict enforcement of
at least one of them will cause 110
little hardship. We refer to the
order prohibiting the holding of
elections at the entrance of the
quad nearest the Inn. Ever since
this custom was inaugurated an
increasingly larger number of bal
lots has been cast at each succeed
ing election, and it is clear that
this result was mainly due to the
removal of the ballot-box from
the vicinity of the Memorial Court
to the more frequented location
where the voting is done at pres
ent. Why not remove the ballot
to the middle arch of the arcade,
which connects the English build
ing and the French department in
stead of placing it at some remote
part of the quad which is never
sought by a majority of the stu
dents?
