# Rowing Club Committee Appointed.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
At a meeting of the YY r omen's
Athletic Association yesterday af
ternoon a rowing committee was
appointed consisting of Miss Mollie
Baker, '08, Miss Hazel Pedlar, '06,
and Miss Iva Millar, '07. The
number of entries for the club is
large.
