# Tennis Tournament Will Be Held.
## 
### 
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
There will be a tennis tourna
ment, consisting of both singles
and doubles, on the Rohle courts,
beginning at 3 o'clock Saturday
morning. Lists for entries are
posted in Roble and may be had
from the members of the tennis
committee, Elise Owen, '07, Myrl
Morris, '08, and Emma Hayward,
'06.
