# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tub Summer Liar has evidently been
subdued by the presence of reality.
Sunday's Examiner has two and a half
columns on the bright financial pros
pects of the University, with a short
editorial showing the increased interest
in higher educatiou on tl.e coast as in.
dieated by the large entrance classes at
the two Uuiversitie-.
Tub Summer Liar has evidently been
subdued by the presence of reality.
Sunday's Examiner has two and a half
columns on the bright financial pros
pects of the University, with a short
editorial showing the increased interest
in higher educatiou on tl.e coast as in.
dieated by the large entrance classes at
the two Uuiversitie-.
Tub Summer Liar has evidently been
subdued by the presence of reality.
Sunday's Examiner has two and a half
columns on the bright financial pros
pects of the University, with a short
editorial showing the increased interest
in higher educatiou on tl.e coast as in.
dieated by the large entrance classes at
the two Uuiversitie-.
