# Toyon Club Holds Election Tonight
## 
### 
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
Toyon Club will hold elections for
the hall offices tonight from 7 to
10:30 o'clock in Toyon lobby.
Nominees Jor president are Dick
Clarke. Charley Melczer, and Har
vey Rothschild; for vice-president,
Al Alustiza, Jim Barnum, Bill Ros
enfeld, and Jack Seligman; for sec
retary, Jack Butler and Dan Cam
eron; and for manager, Dick Dud
man, Woody Miller, and Frank Van
Acker.
