# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
Gumma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Janice Gotz, 40, tr
Jame* Senders. '37.
