# MACK GORDON MARRIED
## 
### 
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
PALM SPRINGS, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Mack Gordon, of the song-writing
team of Gordon and Revel, was
honeymooning here today with ac
tress Elizabeth Cooke, whom lie
married Saturday at Yuma, Ariz.
