# RELEASE CELEBRATED
## 
### 
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 15 (UP).
Eighteen labor unions today cele
brated the release of Thomas J. Moo
ncy from prison. Barney Farrcl,
president of the moulders' union,
with which Mooney is affiliated, was
the principal speaker at the mass
meeting. ,
