# UNDER THE WEATHER . . .
## 
### 
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
MEN'S REST HOME

Vincent Brundage, Fred Perrien,
Stanley Summeril, Quirk Kline, Wil
liam Dickinson, Bruce Merickel, Al
bert Simpson, Anthony Guntennann,
Robert Hyde.

WOMEN'S REST HOME

Mary Louise Gretzer, Barbara An
derson, Paula George.

HOSPITAL

Betty Simmons, Susie May Lynch,
George Griffith, William McPeak,
Roy McClory.
