# TIME AND SPACIAL DISTANCE QUERIES LEND PLAY INTRIGUE
## â€˜Berkeley Square' Honored By London Audiences; Is Vividly Real 
### 
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
Relativity of time and the un
canny phenomena of detaching soul
from body and projecting oneself
through years of space back to the
ages of our forefathers is unques
tionably the most fascinating angle
of thought invoked by "Berkeley
Square."
Achieving the record distinction
of a 200 th night performance, this
play is one of the few American
written productions to win the
plaudits of London audiences. Its
charm comes not so much from high
emotional appeal, but from the in
genuity of the idea expressed.
Preposterous as the story may be
there is something vividly real
about the whole plot. It is convinc
ing through its very simplicity of
stage machinery. Only a playwright
with finished technique could give
this theme the delicate handling
which John Balderston has done.
Gilbert Gabriel of the "New York
American" was none too enthusias
tic when he said, "Berkely Square"
is a play as rare in theme as it is
exquisite of treatment. It soars to
high wit and original beauty."
