# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the business
office of the Daily Palo Alto by
12 m., day of publication.
ADVERTISEMENTS MUST BE
PAID IN ADVANCE
LOST —Tennis racquet and electric
curling iron, probably somewhere
near Roble, Monday afternoon. Ten
nis racquet has name "Carolyn
Strouse" on it. Please notify Mrs.
Stearns at Roble.
LOST —A gold Eversharp pencil with
initials EKL. Finder please notify
D. P. A. office.
FOR SALE —Ford roadster, in excel
lent mechanical condition. Two new
cord tires, regular storage battery
lighting system. Priced for quick
sale at $50. See Rothschild, 327
Union, or Daily Palo Alto office.
ANYONE driving to Portland or Spo
kane around July 11, who would
take one or two lady passengers
please write box 865, campus.
