# HOLMAN LOSES IN NATIONAL FINALS
## 
### 
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
Cranston Holman, '27, representing
Stanford in the National Intercollegi
ate Tennis Championship held at the
Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia, on
June 27, was defeated by his former
rival, E. G. Chandler, of the Univer
sity of California.
Holman lost the national intercolle
giate honors to the man he vanquished
in the annual Stanford-California meet
this year.
