# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
Phone 2-1344
V
fi^ c '" ] Co phone
j ' >a, ° A,t ®
It) 21244
✓T* PROBLEM
\| &&Assltß£ •
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
brassieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
