# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
ANOTHER BEGIN
NING OF COLLEGE
AND ROMANCE
What is more essential
than an exciting new date
dress. A very carefully
selected group, modeled
at the Sue Berry Salon.
538 Ramona Palo Alto
