# OBENSHAIN SIGNS
## 
### 
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
Ray "Podie" Obenshain heads the
list of new recruits who turned out
for football at the Firehouse last
week. Obie got into shape this sum
mer by working in Alaska and
Fresno.
