# Wallace Chooses Albert, Stanford
## 
### 
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
Francis R. Wallace, noted grid ex
pert, in a recent article in the Sat
urday Evening Post predicted that
Frankie Albert would repeat as All-
American quarterback for 1942.

Naming Albert on his first team,
Wallace also gave recognition to dy
namiting Chuck Taylor, outstanding
sophomore lineman on the Coast last
year, by placing him on his third
team.
