# Mothers Club Aid Program Planned
## 
### 
The Stanford Mothers Club, under
the leadership of President Mrs. C.
G. Vernier, plans this year to con
tinue its welfare work among Stan
ford students, with particular refer
ence to the Men's and Women's rest
homes.
The first of the year's big two
benefits will take place on Friday
afternoon, October 31, in Memorial
Hall when Alumna Beatrice Ed
monds gives a review entitled-"The
Curtain Rises on Broadway." It is
through these benefits that the club
raises funds to continue its work
among the students.

Besides supporting the Rest Homes,
the Mothers organization gives schol
arships, aids needy students, and
gives Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinners for students who must re
main on campus during vacations.
