# GERMANS CLAIM NEW DESTRUCTION
## 
### 
BERLIN, Sept. 22 (UP).—Nazis
claimed tonight that they had sunk
or damaged 27 Russian ships in
cluding 16 warships; that they had
"destroyed" 30 Soviet divisions ap
proximating 360,000 men east of
Kiev, brought the Donetz basin in
dustrial city of Kharkov into im
mediate peril and had unleashed a
new weapon — the battleplane —
against the defenses of Leningrad.
The new "battleplane" ("schlacht
flugzeug"), first mentioned by DNB
in action on the Leningrad front, was
understood to be specially equipped
for fighting ground forces. It is pi
loted by a "battleflier" trained to
hedge-hop and attack bunkers and
troop concentrations with bombs,
machine guns and aerial cannon.
