# ITALIANS PULL OTRANTO REPEAT
## 
### 
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
ROME, Sept. 22 (UP). — Italian
"suicide boats," duplicating their
feat at Otranto in the last World
War, have penetrated the inner har
bor of Gibraltar and sunk three and
probably four British supply ships
under the very muzzles of big Brit
ish guns, official communiques
claimed tonight.
