# Green Sheet Split On Big Game Issue
## 
### 
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
In opposition to fellow writer Bill
Leiser, Will Connolly, San Francisco
football expert, went out on a limb
a few dys ago by picking California
to go to the Rose Bowl instead* of
Stanford or Washington, pre-season
favorites.

Leiser la.st year was one of the
first to tag Stanford as the coming
Coast Conference grid champion and
has given them a good chance to
repeat this year.
