# War Encompasses Twenty-six Nations
## 
### 
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
World War 11, two years after its
inception by the German invasion of
Poland, now encompasses 26 nations
and four-fifths of the world's popu
lation, according to the National
Geographic Society's latest bulletins.

The Western Hemisphere is the
only sizable portion of the world
which has remained aloof from ac
tual shooting warfare. Only non
belligerents in Europe and Asia are
Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Eire,
Sweden, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and
Afghanistan.
