# Oliver Boasts Threat In Dropkick Artist
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
EUGENE, Ore., Sept. 22 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today revived
dropkicking at the University of
Oregon grid camp, sending Tommy
Oxman, versatile sophomore, into
concentrated practice. Oliver indi
cated Oxman would see a lot of ac
tion, with the new unlimited sub
stitution rule favoring his use foi
collecting points and field goals.
