# Tourney to Pair Rooney, Schroeder
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21 (UP). —
Helen Wills Roark, once the world's
No. 1 woman player, and Don Mc-
Neill, Oklahoma City, former na
tional singles champion, will be
entered in the Pacific Coast tennis
championships next week, it was
announced today.

Tournament officials planned to
pair Mickey Rooney, the movie ac
tor, with National Champion Bobby
Iliggs against Ted Schroeder and
Jack Kramer in an exhibition match
for the benefit of the U.S.O.
