# SHORTSTOPS FLASH
## 
### 
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
Jitterbug young shortstops are a
dime-a-dozen this year. Pee Wee
Reese, Slats Marion, Nanny Fernan
dez are among those who are giving
the fans the creeps these days.
