# COOTIE WITH STARS
## 
### 
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
Cootie Thompson, former Stanford
pitcher, was brought back from Van
couver by the Hollywood Stars re
cently. Quenliti was shelled in his
first start.
