# Labor Delegates Snub S.F. Mayor
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 22 (UP).
â€”Gov. Culbert Olson, speaking at
the opening convention meeting of
the California AFL State Federation
of Labor, today urged organized la
bor to purge itself of "crooks and
racketeers."
Two hundred convention dele
gates, in a deliberate snub, walked
out on Mayor Angelo Rossi of San
Francisco when he appeared to give
an address of welcome before Ol
son's speceh.
Apparently forewarned of the
walkout because of a recent per
sonal dispute with AFL culinary
unions in a San Francisco hotel
strike, Rossi in his speech said the
action of those who had left the au
ditorium "is just another black eye
for San Francisco, and certainly re
flects no credit on organized labor."
