# Rooming Houses To Be Inspected
## 
### 
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
In releasing the regulations for off
campus boarding houses last week,
the University Health Service stated
that each house must be kept clean
and well-ventilated, students' rooms
must be cleaned and dusted once a
day and thoroughly cleaned once a
week.

Specifically the Service ruled that
bed linen must be changed at least
weekly, bathrooms must be cleaned
daily, hot water must be provided
between 7 a.m. and 12 p.m., at least
two clean bath towels and two clean
lace towels must be provided
weekly, rooms should be kept at a
minimum of GO degrees F. at all
hours between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m.,
and the rooms must be protected
against unnecessary noise to the de
gree necessary for satisfactory study
and rest.
