# STUDENTS GOVERN FARM
## 
### 
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long I
history of student government has j
given the Farm one of the highest 1
rankings in this respect among uni- j
versities all over the country.
