# Richard Olson
## 
### 

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.

ELDEST SON of California's gov
ernor shown as he sat as judge
pro tern in a Los Angeles divorce
case. He was appointed by Pre
siding Judge B. Key Schacur un-
Jer .court rules permitting ap
pointment of a judge from a list
submitted by counsel of the oppo
sition.
