# Daily Finds Humor Galore Amid Pre-Reg Festivities
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily, always looking
to the lighter side, thought that in
the midst of all the rush of the pre
registration activities a number of
funny things must have happened
that should at least be mentioned.
To the freshmen over at Roble the
funniest things are all the "typical
Stanford men" wandering around in
their jeans and T-shirts. Equally
amusing to the Encinamen are the
Roble girls in their silk stockings
and brand-new saddle shoes.

Amusing is the story of the ab
sent-minded professor, adviser to a
number of freshmen, who forgot
completely the waiting students un
til well into the second nine of his
golf game.
Funny, although several people
failed to see the humor of it, was
the little man wandering around
Roble fixing the plumbing in the
showers.
A Robleite, over at the Health

Service to have her vaccination,
found herself coming out with a
tremendous bandage on her arm,
gauze, cellophane and finally a plas
ter of paris cast.
Yes indeedâ€”these are hectic days.
