# SHIPKEY TO MEET NEVERS WHEN S. F. PRO CAGERS PLAY
## 
### 
Ernie Nevers and Harry Shipkey
will oppose each other in a profes
sional basketball game at the Leland
Stanford court in San Francisco Fri
day night. Nevers will play for the
Adam et Eve Parfum quintet, while
Shipkey will be on Imp Begley's All-
Stars.
Nevers played five games of profes
sional basketball in Wisconsin, and
has consequently kept training since
football season. He has signed a con
tract to play this one game with the
Adam et Eves against the Begley team,
but Mike Dolan, San Francisco cage
manager, declined to give the details
of the contract, except that Nevers
will work on a flat guarantee and per
centage basis, according to reports in
city papers today.
Ernie will be seen at a guard posi
tion in Friday night's game. His short
time on the Coast before he will have
to report for spring training with the
St. Louis Browns, makes it impossible
for him to sign for more than one
game at this time.
