# DR. BAILEY WILLIS TO CONTINUE SERIES OF QUAKE LECTURES
## 
### 
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
• "Geography of Earthquakes" will he
the subject of the second of a series
of lectures on earthquakes given by
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology, at 8 o'clock tonight in the
auditorium of the Pacific Gas and
Electric Company at 245 Market street,
San Francisco.
With the aid of lantern slides illus
trating certain points of the lecture,
Dr. Willis will speak on the earth
quake regions of the United States,
particularly those in California. Earth
quakes, their causes and results, and
the information gained through the
iii.se of the seismographs, will form an
iilriiportant part of the lecture.
The series of lectures is offered hy
the Seismological Society of America
sind California, and the California
Academy of Sciences, lectures being
liven on the third Tuesday of each
jmonth from January through May. The
purpose of the lectures is to give the
jpublic authentic information regard
*ing protection that ca nbe afforded
"when building.
