# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
—The quarterly dinner of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco
was held Saturday evening at the
St. Francis Hotel in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Jordan was one of the
speakers.
