# Parking plan upheld
## 
### 
Santa Clara County Superior Court
Judge William Ingram has filed a
notice of intended decision, indicating
he plans to uphold the University's
position in charging for convenient
parking on campus, the University
News Service reported yesterday.
United Stanford Employees (USE),
Local 12 of the International Associa
tion of Firefighters and several indi
vidual employes have challenged the
University's position.

So far. the news service reports,
more than 2600 faculty, staff and
community physicians have chosen to
pay for convenient parking, as have
830 students living off campus. Paid
registration for students living on
campus totals 1829.
A total of 3628 vehicles have been
registered with the campus police for
more remote, free parking. A total of
4405 similar "G" stickers has been is
sued at the Medical Center.
