# Briefly...
## 
### 
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
CROW lecture
Asst. Religious Studies Prof. Diana
Paul will speak on "Women in Buddh
ism" today at noon in room tt(i. The
CROVV-sponsored lecture is tree.
Research proposals
Proposals lor winter quarter projects
on political and social issues must be
submitted to the SCIRE office by Mon..
Oct. 27. The deadline for SWOPSI and
undergraduate special proposals is
Oct. 31.
