# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
do
• you
know ?
W
Scientology
Free Lecture m-F 8:00 pjtl
600 ffliddlefield Polo Alto
