# Graduate Appointed in Louisiana.
## 
### 
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
M. H . Spaulding, '03, an assist
ant in the Zoology department, has
been appointed to a responsible
position under the Louisiana State
Experiment Station to investigate
the oyster, clam and other shell
fish resources of Louisiana. Spauld
ing will work in connection with
the Experiment Station at Baton
Rouge.
