# Batting Cages for Varsity Diamond.
## 
### 
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
Two batting cages are being
erected on the Varsity diamond
and will be ready for use to-mor
row afternoon.
