# U.S. Marines Plan Massed Attack on Nicaragua Rebels
## 
### 
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
(U.P.) —United States marines pre
pared tonight for a massed infantry
and air attack to wipe out the strong
ly entrenched army of General Augus
tino Sandino, the Nicaraguan rebel.
Latest advices reaching Colonel Louis
Mason Gulick, commander of marine
headquarters here, said that marine
airplanes had bombed the revolution
ist stronghold at El Chipote, in the
"mountains of northern Nicaragua, for
two days, with devastating results.
