# CARNEGIE ENDOWMENT OFFERS FELLOWSHIPS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW
## 
### 
Fellowships in international law for
1925-29 have just been announced by
the Carnegie Endowment for Interna
tional Peace. The trustees of the en
dowment have established these fel
lowships to provide an adequate num
ber of teachers competent to give in
struction in international law and re
lated subjects.
Two classes of fellowships will be
awarded, teachers' fellowships and
students' fellowships. The latter will
be awarded only to graduate students
holding the equivalent of a bachelor's
degree. Teachers' fellowships will bo
awarded only to applicants who have
taught international law or related
subjects for at least one year.
Application blanks will be furnished
upon request by the Committee on
International Law Fellowships, Jack
son Place, Washington, D.C.
