# Y.M.C.A. TO FURNISH DIRECTORY OF ROOMS
## 
### 
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
A free directory of available rooms
and apartments for rent in Palo Alto
and vicinity may be had at the
Y.M.C.A., according to Ben Culver, lo
cal secretary. This work was formerly
handled by the Dean of Men's office
but beginning with last quarter the
"Y" lias taken charge.
Complete listings are carried and
Fomeone Is always on duty to assist
students.
