# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
5:20 p.m. — KZSU Under
ground features retired
Admiral Elmo Zum
walt's speech on de
tente
7:00 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence
8:00 p.m. — KZSU Spring
Feature Class: Angela
Davis
