# EMINENT DIVINE WILL SPEAK IN CHAPEL.
## 
### 
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
Reverend Robert Freeman, an emi
nent Scotch divine who is at present
pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Pasadena, will address the
students at chapel on Sunday morn
ing. The soprano solo, "Just as I
am," by Treolar, will be sung by Miss
Miss A. Westhold.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock,
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department, will speak at the daily
chapel service.
