# Sweet is Married.
## 
### 
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
S. G. Sweet, '09, was married to i
Miss Helen Elizabeth McCormick of j
Berkeley on August 15. Sweet trans- j
ferred here from Syracuse and is a
member of Phi Gamma Delta frater-j
nity. He was prominent in athletics, j
making his Varsity letter both in
track and crew.
