# CIO Threatens To Renew Soft Coal Strikes
## In Washington, F.R., Army-Navy Bigwigs Review Patrol Moves 
### United Press 
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
John L. Lewis threatened Tuesday
night to renew the work-stoppage of
400,00 ft CIO soft coal miners unless
operators in four Southern states
accede to wage demands within one
week.
He set May 20 as a deadline for
agreement on a $7 daily wage, which
northern Appalachian operators al
ready have granted 250,000 mine
workers.
Government mediators obtained a
temporary truce in the month-long
mine shutdown scarcely two weeks
ago to avoid fuel shortages in de
fense industries.
