# Theft Charged In Bridges Case
## Pilfered Documents Used in First Trial 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—William F. Hynes of the Los An
geles Police Department charged
today at Harry Bridges' deportation
hearing that a Communist hired as
investigator by the Lafollette Sen
ate committee pilfered documents
from Los Angeles police files.
"Some of these documents," .said
Hynes, "reappeared in 1039 at the
first Bridges deportation hearing."
Richard Gladstein, attorney for
Bridges, challenged the "implica
tion" a "Communist" delivered doc
uments to the Bridges defense com
mittee in 1939. Hynes later ac
knowledged he did not know how
the Bridges defense obtained the
documents in 1939.
Ilynes, member of the Los Angeles
police for 19 years, first as under
cover man and later as head of the
intelligence bureau —"red squad"—
for 10 years preceding 1938, was
called as a defense witness.
He testified Ezra Chase, a prose
cution witness against Bridges,
worked for him as a voluntary "in
former" on Los Angeles Communist
activities within the Upholsterers'
Union.
The defense questioned Hynes on
his dealings with strikes—following
out the avowed defense theory or
ganized labor was on trial at the
Bridges hearing.
