# Horsemen Seek Utah Series Win
## 
### 
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
Intent on winning their third and
fourth stragiht games against the
University of Utah's polo team this
year, six Stanford horsemen leave
for Salt Lake City next Tuesday for
Iwo games. Thursday and Saturday,
May 22 and 24.
Men likely to make the trip are
Captain Joe Smith, A. T. LaPrade,
Stan Glikbarg, Bill Dirker, Mike
Gates, and Ben Snure. The men will
be accompanied by Major Francis
Garreeht, coach of the local team.
The Redskins from across the hills
were defeated twice last fall when
they invaded Highway field.
There are 190 less students en
rolled this quarter than last.
