# POULTRYMEN INDICTED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Walker B. Layton and William
Fennell, members of a poultry and
dairy products firm, were indicted
today by the federal grand jury on
mail fraud charges. They were ac
cused of mulcting Bank of America
of $200,000.
