# Hal Shafer to Edit '42-'43 Row Mag
## 
### 
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
Jim Haugh, president of Interfra
ternity Council,*with Interfraternity
Board of Control, announced today
that the "Stanford Interfraternity
Magazine," first produced last year,
will again be distributed to all in
coming frosh, and will also be sent
to their families.
Hal Shafcr, Zete, co-editor last
year with Bob Plate, will be editor
of the 1941-42 edition, with John
Horrall, S.A.E., as assistant. The
format of the magazine will remain
the same. Work will start immedi
ately, Shafer said, and he expects to
have the magazine on the presses by
