# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
A Wise Observa
tion :
"Clothes help you climb
the ladder of succcss.
Proper garment will give
you n mental satisfaction,
poise and self - respect."
—Peter Justcr
•
RoosßroA
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
