# Dixon Defeats Burrows In Mile
## Captain Klopstock Takes High Hurdles in 14.4 
### 
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
Although th? in + rpmurals had An
gell Field by the ears yesterday
afternoon the varsity got in a few
licks that made their boy coach
smile.
Top performance of the session
was a bristling mile, which saw
little Warren Dixon and big Ed
Burrows sprint the whole last lap
to register a time of 4:19.6, with
Dixon winning by three fingers.
A close second was the hurdle team
of Klopstcek and Kingsgury, who
tore over a flight of highs in 14.4,
with Captain Sammy a couple of
yards in the van.
Burrows, whose forte is the two
mile, rounded out the day with a
52.8 quarter, his best personal rec
ord.
The varsity will enter in no team
competition this week-end, but sev
eral individuals running unattached
may travel to the Junior P.A. at
K.zar Saturday. Tentative entries
are Thrape, McCall, Stallard, Ma
hurin, Lippman, and Gribben.
