# Appointed Dean
## 
### 

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.

APPOINTMENT of Professor
Samuel Brooke Morris as dean
of the School of Engineering
was announced by President
Ray Lyman Wilbur yesterday.
Professor Morris designed and
constructed Morris Dam in San
Gabriel River valley.
