# Twitty Receives Professorship
## Oregon, U.S.C. Professors Added To Law School 
### 
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
Promotion of Professor Victor
Chandler Twitty from associate
professor to professor of biology, and
the appointment of several faculty
members effective next September
was made yesterday by Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Dean Hale, formerly dean of the
law schools at Oregon and Wash
ington and at the University of
Southern California since 1930, and
Professor Philip Mechem, of the
state University of lowa, were ap
pointed acting professors of law for
the summer quarter of 19.17. Pro
fessor Mechem is also the author of
"Wills and Administration" and re
ceived his A.B. degree from Stan
ford in 1922.
The following members of the staff
of the School of Hygiene and Phys
ical Education were reappointed:
H. W. Wolter, director of baseball;
R. L. Templeton, director of track;
C. M. Sprague, associate director of
basketball; J. W. Bunn, director of
basketball; James Lawson, associate
director of physical education and
hygiene; Murray Cuddeback, asso
ciate director of physical education
and hygiene; Alfred R. Masters,
general manager of the Board of
Athletic Control.
Walter N. Rudolph and Robert P.
Terrill were reappointed instructors
in economics and to the same posi
tion was appointed Joel V. Berre
man, of the State College of Wash
ington and former instructor in Cit
izenship at Stanford.
John C. McCloskey, of Oregon
University, was appointed instructor
in English. Robert A. Ross, from
Yale, was appointed instructor in
psychology. Dr. Ross has the Ph.D.
degree from Yale.
Rex Ragan, assistant professor of
accounting at the University of
Southern California, was appointed
acting instructor in economics for
the autumn quarter, and Paul For
ster, of the California College of
Arts and Crafts, was appointed act
ing instructor in Graphic Art for the
autumn quarter.
Donald G. C. Hare was appointed
instructor in physics for the sum
mer quarter of 1936.
