# Professors Plan Summer Work
## Morris To Serve Natural Resources Committee 
### 
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
Two members of the civil engi
neering department faculty will be
engaged in technical work, both
academic and practical, this sum
mer, it was announced yesterday.
Professor Samuel B. Morris will
leave immediately at the end of the
quarter to spend most of the next
three months in the Pacific North- J
west in his new capacity as con
sultant to the Natural Resources
Committee.
This investigation of the control
and use of water resources is being
carried on throughout the country
under the Department of the Into- |
rior to collect material for recom- '
mendations on water projects. Pro
fessor Morris has charge of the in
vestigation for the Pacific North
west.
Professor Eugene L. Grant of the
civil engineering department will
present papers before a convention
of the Society for Promotion of En
gineering Education at Madison, j
Wisconsin, June 23 and before an
Economics Conference of engineers |
and Engineerig Teachers at Stevens )
