# IMO BAUGHMAN MADE INSTRUCTOR AT REED
## 
### 
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
Miss Irno Baughman, '19, lias been
elected instructor in chemistry at
Reed College, Portland, for the com
ing year. She held a teaching fellow
ship at Stanford during the past year.
Miss Baughman has been active in
athletics while here, having received
loiters and numerals in hockey, base
ball, and crew. She is a member of
lota Sigma Pi, women's honorary
chemical fraternity, and is the presi
dent of Roble Club for the summer
quarter.
