# Dr. Wilbur Returns From U. of Arizona
## Gives Address and Is Honored With Degree of LL. D. 
### 
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
President Wilbur returned this
morning from Tucson, Arizona, where
he delivered the commencement ad
dress at the University of Arizona,
last Wednesday. President Wilbur re
marked that he noticed a great dif
ference between the present extensive
campus and the waste country he had
seen in the early 90's, when, as a
Stanford freshman, he made a sum
mer collecting visit to the Arizona
desert.
The subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk at
the University was "American Citi
zenship, the World Ideal." The prin
cipal theme of his address was that
the American people should not fail
from the high place of world leader
ship and practical idealism, which is
acknowledged and accredited to it by
other nations. He said, during his
talk, "Let us not, now that the war
is won, become the symbol of selfish
idealism."
Arizona honored Dr. Wilbur, and
Rector Jose N. Macias, administrative
head of the National University of
Mexico, by conferring upon them the
degree of LL. D. Dr. Macias, ac
companied by Professor Macliado, who
is the head of the English depart
ment ,'.t the University of Mexico,
will visit Stanford and the University
of California in the near future.
