# McSwain to be Guard
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 15 (JF).—
William S. (Bill) McSwain, since 1921
head of the Portland offices of the
United States Secret Service, will be in
charge of the secrct service guard which
accompftnies President-elect Herbert
Hoover on his South American trip.
During his connection with the secret
service, McSwain has served two presi
dents in this capacity. Te traveled with
Warren G. Harding and was with Presi
dent Wilson when he made his trip west.
