# MARYLAND PICKED FOR HOOVER TRIP
## 
### 

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.

1 1
Equipped with admiral's quarters, the U.S. Maryland, often used as a
relief flagship, was selected to take President-Elect Hoover and party to
Central and South America.
