# POACHERS KILLED
## 
### 
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 15. (/P)—'Two
alleged poachers on the California
Gun Club preserve near Seal Beach
were shot and killed late today in a
gun battle with J. VV. Montgomery,
deputy sheriff and gamekeeper at the
club.
