# CONSTRUCTION OF GERMAN SHIP IS REICHSTAG ISSUE
## 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 15. (#>)â€” The con
struction of Germany's first battle
ship since the conclusion of the war
brought bitter animosities to the sur
face in the course of debate in the
Reichstag today.
The battleship is one for which
nine million marks already have been
appropriated, and the construction of
which has been supported by both
President Von Hindenburg and Lieut.
Gen. Wilhelm Groener, Minister of
Defense.
A motion to halt its construction on
the ground that Germany can ill af
ford to spend its money on a lone
battleship which will be no match
for the more adequate navies of other
countries was presented by the Social
Democrat Otto Weis. In the debate
which followed partisans and oppon
ents of the construction hurled epi
thets at each othcer, and of most
that was said Chancellor Mueller
seemed to be the victim.
