# Final Test of U.C. Stadium Loud Speakers To Be Made
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. (P.I.P.)—Two
additional loud speakers will be add
ed to the four used in the U.C. Me
morial Stadium last Saturday, for a
final test of the power amplification
syetem at the Nevada game Saturday.
These six are expected to be success
ful, but it has been estimated that
eight will be necessary for the Big
Game. The new system is said to be
Miperior to that used in the Los An
geles Coliseum.
