# NEW AIRPLANE INSPECTOR
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (£>).—
Appointment of W. K. Andrews as air
plane inspector for the Department of
Commerce for the territory between San
Francisco and the Oregon boundary was
announced here today. He succeeds In
spector James Hall, transferred to south
ern California.
