# Legalized Arson Urged by Bears
## 
### 
Cal and Stanford have buried the
axe.
This, at least, is the' story that
came from Berkeley yesterday when
John McPherson, A.S.U.C. presi
dent, inlimated that Stanford stu
dents will light Cal's pre-Big Game
bonfire and that Cal students will
touch off Stanford's Lake Lagunita
pyre.
This unprecedented action which
would scrap another moss-covered
tradition was decided by mutual
agreement of the student lx>dy
chieftains of the two universities,
according to the story circulated
from the Bear campus.
Reached last night by The Daily,
Card President Bruce Jessup said
that the proposal had been dis
cussed, but that "no decision had
been reached." He indicated that
the idea would be presented to
Exeom at its regular meeting to
night.
Jessup said that any specific de
cision would be made by the stu
dent executive group and that the
suggestion of rival student body
presidents' lighting the opposing
school's bonfires would be consid
ered this evening.
