# FOOTE DEAD
## 
### 
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
Went worth Foote, *32, died of
tuberculosis at his home in Mon
rovia, March 25. Foote was a gradu
ate of Polytechnic high school in
Los Angeles. He had been ill for
several years.
