# RIFLE SQUAD ENDS SEASON 67 POINTS ABOVE OPPONENTS
## 
### 
Marksmen of the Stanford Rifle
Club, going down to defeat; before
the California squad in a corres
pondence match last month, fin
ished an average season, taking
seven out of the fifteen matches
shot last quarter. However, theo
retically, the Card sharpshooters
cleaned up for the season, piling
up a score of 26,857 points, sixty
seven more than the aggregate
scores of all their opponents.
Ed Fields, Wilfred Dole, Guy
Helnike, and Bob Wat kins formed
the squad headed by Henry Adams,
that out shot men from Mississippi
A. and M., New Mexico A. and M.,
University of Oregon, Carnegie
Tech, Georgetown University, West
Virginia, and the University of
Maryland.
The Rifle Club is now practicing
for the coming outdoor season
opening May 1. All men with ability
in thirty-caliber shooting may come
out for tlie team, which has not as
yet been formed. Those interested
should see any of the members of
last quarter's rifle squad.
