# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
ENVY
See that johnnie Ray
grossed Va million at
the Copa. Cosh that's a
lot more than the rec
ords we've sold.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
