# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
Deadline for "Oner Around fhr
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of Ihe day
before publication.
