# New Eagle Scouts Feted by Group
## 
### 
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
A reception for all incoming Eagle
Scouts will be given by the Zeta
chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, hon
orary Eagle Scout fraternity, on
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in
the Nitery.
An interesting program has been
planned which will include short
speeches by John Bunn, dean of
men, and Doc Lyons, district
scouting commissioner. Entertain
ment will be provided in the form of
skits and songs. Refreshments will
be served.
