# Organ Recital Tomorrow
## 
### 
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the half-hour of
music in the Memorial Church tomor
row at 4:30:
Mendelssohn —Allegro and Adagio,
Sonata 1.
Thiele—Concertsatz in C Minor.
