# Untitled Article
## 
### 

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.

This Friday, at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium, |ohn
Lee Hooker (at left) Charles
Musselwhite and the Mark
Naftalin-Ron Thompson Band
will appear in "A Night of the
Blues."
John Lee Hooker has
played under several
pseudonyms — Texas Slim,
The Boogie Man, Sir John Lee,
Birmingham Sam — but al
ways with the same unique,
passionate style. He has re
corded extensively over the
past JO years with other blues
greats such as Canned Heat,
Paul Butterfield, John Klem
mer, Luther Tucker, Muddy
Waters, Elvin Bishop, Van
Morrison and Steve Miller. A
true pioneer of the boogie
blues, |ohn Lee generates a
heavily rhythmic, fluid music
of remarkable power.
