# Rock Pop Jazz
## 
### 
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
Campus
John Copabianco Sextet. Stanford
Community Coffee House, tomor
row, 9 p.m Jazz.
Bay Area
Phil Woods. Jazz alto saxophonist
and his quartet, tonight, 8 p.m.,
Flint Center, Do Anza College
Frankie Mann. "Music from Soci
etal Sound Images: The Tape Re
corder as Musical Camera," tomor

row, 8 p.m., Exploratorium, 3601
Lyon Street, S.F., 563-7337.
Phil Woods Quartet and Barney
Kessel Trio. Saturday, 8 p.m., Zel
lerbach Auditorium, UC-Berkeley;
642 9988
The Police, The Knack, and Rober;
Johnson. Sunday, 4 p.m., Zeller
bach Auditorium, (408) 297-7552
Eddie Jefferson and Richie Cole
with the Foothill College Jazz En
semble, Jazz Lab Band, and Fan
fairs Choir. Tuesday, 8 p.m., Col
lege Theatre, Foothills College, Los
Altos, 948-8590
