# League of Nations Council Called in Important Cases
## 
### 
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
GENEVA, May 9.—( U.P.) — The
secretariat of the League of Nations
has convoked the League Council.
League of Nations governing body, to
meet June 4. Thirty-four questions
will be considered at the meeting, in
cluding the Rumanian situation, Hun
garian agrarian reforms, the Polish-
Lithuanian dispute, and the protec
tion of German minorities in Upper
Silesia.
