# Cass Captivates Captors
## 
### 

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.

Peewee is in a difficult situation, and is deciding what to do about it. He
can't remember anything in all his courses at college that seems to apply now.
The pirates don't seem to be troubled by indecision. Pewee is A1 Cass, and
from left to right the pirates are Karl Bendetson, Ferdinand Mendenhall, and
E. H. Conroy.
