# COTTRELL TO ADDRESS WOMEN VOTERS LEAGUE
## 
### 
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head
of the Political Science department,
will address the San Francisco Cen
ter of the California League of Wo
men's Voters at a banquet to be held
tomorrow night in the St. Francis
Hotel. Advocates of the several pro
posed charters for San Francisco will
present their arguments and Profes
sor Cottrell will summarize the situa
tion.

Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department spoke
last night at the annual foreign stu
dents banquet held in the Palace
Hotel. Professor Stuart reviewed the
work of these students during the
past year. Chester Rowell was the
chief speaker of the evening.
