# Spanish envoy dies in July's 3rd Amtrak crash
## 
### 
New York â€” In the third major Amtrak accident
this month, a Spanish diplomat was killed and 152
persons were injured when two passenger trains
collided head-on yesterday on a trestle overlooking
a crowded street in Queens, a borough of New York
City.
Both locomotives were crushed in the crash, 10 of
the 12 cars on the two trains were derailed and a
stretch of track was torn up in the accident, which
occurred about 7:45 a.m. PDT on what is known as
the Hells Gate Viaduct, the main Queens approach
to Pennsylvania Station. All Boston-to-New York
Amtrak traffic was suspended for three hours after
the accident.
At least one car was briefly in danger of toppling
from the elevated track into the neighborhood
below, but it was quickly secured. Scores of pas
sengers were trapped inside the cars until rescuers
scrambled up six 100-foot-long aerial ladders New
York Fire Department engineers erected from the

street below.
Of the injured, eight were seriously hurt. Enrique
Gilarranz, 53, a diplomat on a vacation trip from
Boston to New York, died during surgery at Booth
Memorial Hospital nearly five hours after the acci
dent. Hospital spokesman Pat Brasley said Gilar
ranz, of Madrid, died from massive trauma to the
chest and abdomen.
