# SHELLEY WILL SPEAK ON 'DRAMA AND LIFE'
## 
### 
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
Professor James Shelley, a leader
of progressive education in New
Zealand, will speak Tuesday eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the Assem
bly Hal! on "Drama and Life," un
der the auspices of the Public Re
lations Committee.

Professor Shelley has a wide
reputation as a reader and inter
preter of plays. He is a Cambridge
graduate, and is professor of educa
tion and psychology and a lecturer
on the history of the fine arts at
Canterbury College, New Zealand.
