# FROSH TRACK MEN TO MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
Thero will be a meeting of all
freshman track men at 7:30 o'clock
this evening in Room 45 in the
B.A.C. building. All freshmen who
are taking track are urged to at
tend. i
Trials for the 440-yard dash and
the quarter-mile relay in intramural
track v.ill' he held on the Old Oval
Wednesday, January 13, at 4:15 p.m.
Finals in all events will be held
Friday, January 15, beginning at 4
o'clock sharp.
