# Briefly
## 
### 
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
Scientists to speak
Professors William Tiller and Karl
Pribram will join three other Bay Area
scientists in presenting talks and dis
cussion on the theme "From entropy
to order — a phase transition in soci
ety?" Sponsored by local Transcen
dental Meditation organizations, the
event will take place tomorrow even
ing from 7:30 to 10 at the SLAC au
ditorium. The admission is free and
the general public is invited.
