# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
Last night's issue of The Daily Palo
Alto stated that Tom Anaya offered at
Wednesday's Union smoker to box any
man present. Such is not the case, as
Auaya was asked to entertain with an
exhibition, and the misstatement does
him an injustice.
