# McClure to Discuss Oriental Relations
## Lecture Scheduled Tuesday at Assembly Hall. To Provide for Expected Crowd 
### 
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
Bringing from the Far East a mes
sage to every American, S. S. McClure,
the founder of McClure's Magazine,
will undoubtedly he the biggest fea
ture of the regular Tuesday lecture
series for October. He will address
a Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall, instead of the Little Theater, on
Tuesday evening next, at 7:30 p.m., on
the subject of "The Relations between
the United States, China, and Japan."
Mr. McClure has just completed a
searching investigation of Japan and
China, studying the economic condi
tions of each country, their plans for
a place in the future world, and the
policy and attitude of the common peo
ples toward the United Scates. He
visited the leading colleges and uni
versities of both China and Japan, de
livering lectures through an inter
preter. The governments assisted him
in gathering much of,his data, and ho
made a thorough investigation inde
pendently, as well. As many of our
statesmen have been watching with
growing concern the developments in
the Orient, and as our business men
are beginning to turn their attention
towards the Pacific, Mr. McClure's
data will be exceedingly interesting
and instructive to the people of this
country, especially thoso of California.
Mr. McClure's years of experience
as a journalist and his power of keen
discernment have enabled him to get
data and material which will greatly
enlighten the American people on the
affairs and problems of the Far East
countries. He is making a two
months' tour of the United States, and
Professor L. E. Hassett, chairman of
the Committee 011 Public Exercises at
Stanford, has been fortunate in secur
ing the speaker for Tuesday's attrac
tion.
