# W.G. Gilroy, '17' Chosen Head of Law Association
## 
### 
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
W. G. Gilroy, '17, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Law Association
at the election of officers at the an
nual meeting in Room 12 of the Law
School, yesterday. C. R. Wakefield,
'16, was chosen secretary and treas
urer.
The new president was empowered
l>y the meeting to appoint the com
mittee to arrange for the Law smoker,
which will be held.in the near future.
