# WAR CLAIMS FOUR OF STANFORD FACULTY
## IN ACTIVE SERVICE Dr. C.E. von Gelden Appointed Medical Adviser in Men's Gymnasium 
### 
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
Calls to war service continue to be
answered by members of the Stanford
faculty, and the Board of Trustees at
its monthly meeting this afternoon
granted three leaves of absence and
accepted one resignation on this ac
count.
Two members of the Medical School
faculty, Dr. W. R. P. Clark and Dr. J.
R. Brown, who are in the Medical Re
serve Corps, and in active service al
ready, obtained leaves for the period
of the war. Dr. John F. Chapman and
Dr. O. E. Kuhn, who were appointed
assistants in the Medical School this
fall, presented their resignations.
Professor C. H. Gilbert, head of the
Zoology department, was given a three
weeks' leave of absence, as he has
been called to Washington for con
sultation on war problems.
Professor Elbert Clark, who was to
have been here this year to take the
place of Dr. A. W. Meyer, now on
sabbatical leave, resigned and has en
tered government service. No one has
been appointed yet to the vacancy.
Dr. C. E. von Geldern, a graduate
of the Stanford Medical School, was
appointed medical adviser to men, to
take the place of Dr. W. L. Adams.
Dr. Adams was named to succeed Dr.
H. R. Stolz, who is in army service,
but was unable to take up his duties
because of illness.
H. H. Henline takes the place of
Fred S. Mulock as instructor in Elec
trical Engineering. Mr. Mulock re
signed to do research work. Mr. Hen
line is a graduate of the University
of Illnois, class of 1914. He has
taught one year.
H. L. Niebel was promoted from as
sistant in Bacteriology to instructor
and Dr. Millicent M. Cosgrave from
assistant in Neurology to clinical in
structor.
