# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marianne (Ginger)
Lewis, '52, to Morton McDonald,
'51. The couple plan to be married
in June.
