# WOMEN'S VOCOM
## 
### 
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
Women's Vocom will meet at 4:45
p.m. today in the Women's Club
house.
