# Building Starts On Law Dorm
## 
### 
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
The dump trucks followed on the
heels of the tree-movers yesterday
as Crothcrs' two new 40 - student
wings went into their first day of
construction.
As University gardeners uprooted
and sacked some three dozen sap
lings lying in the way of the pro
jected construction, dump trucks
from the firm of Wagner and Mar
tinez laid down two dirt-and-gravel
strips from the roadway behind En
cina Commons to a point directly to
the rear of the present Crothcrs.
The strips, which arc four inches
deep, will be rolled and scraped to
provide a firm footing throughout
the winter for trucks engaged in
removing excavation materials.
Construction officials said the first
load of lumber for the $348,000 job
will be brought in within a week—
while machines are spading eight
feet into the earth for the wings'
foundation and basement.
Completion of the wings is ex
pected sometime next summer.
They will be built in much the same
architectural style as the original
Crothers, constructed two years
ago.
Much ol the money, both for the
original Crothcrs and the new addi
tion, was donated by Judge George
E. Crothers, Stanford alumnus of
the class of '98.
