# KZSU MAKES PROMOTION
## 
### 
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
KZSU yesterday announced the
appointment of Marilyn Cooper as
sales manager.
