# Sterling to Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will be the
principal speaker at the annual
meeting of the Palo Alto Area
Chapter, American Red Cross, to
morrow afternoon.
