# Poli Union Will Sponsor Debate
## 
### 
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
Dr. Theodore Kreps of the
Business School and Dr. Robert
Horn of the Political Science De
partment will present opposite
views on "The Issues for '56" Wed
nesday from 4 to 6 p.m. in Cub
her ley Auditorium.
Horn will give the Republican
side of the picture and Kreps the
Democrat. The discussion is spon
sored by the Political Union.
