# Vehicle Inspection Campaign Begins
## 
### 
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
A public vehicle inspection lane
will be in Palo Alto be
ginning today, as part of the Ve
hicle Safety Check program spon
sored locally by the Palo Alto
Junior Chamber of Commerce in
conjunction with a national cam
paign for adequate vehicle main
tenance.
Public safety lanes, where auto
mobiles will be checked by skilled
mechanics, will be open from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. until Friday. They
will be located on Lytton Avenue
between Ramona and Bryant in
downtown Palo and on Park Bou
levard north of California Ave
nue.
