# Dink Nominations Due
## 
### 
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
Nominations for the Lloyd W.
Dinkelspiel Award, an honor
granted annually to one faculty
member and two graduating
students, one man and one
woman, are due this coming
Thursday, April 29.
All members of the Stanford
community have been invited to
make nominations for the award.
Faculty members are
considered on the basis of their
"distinctive contribution to the
development and enrichment of
undergraduate education," with
preference being given to the

school of Humanities and Sciences
faculty. A minimum of five years'
service at Stanford is also required
for consideration.
Student nominees must be
graduating seniors. The
requirements for students include
a combination of "high academic
standing" and "strong leadership
qualities."
Nominations, addressed to Mrs.
Janet Michaels, Assistant to the
Dean of Undergraduate Studies,
should be accompanied by a
supporting statement.
