# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
All first-round tennis, horseshoes,
and handball intramural results
must be turned in by Wednesday In
Elwyn Bugge.
