# Broadway Hits To Play in S.F.
## 
### 
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
Four Broadway hits will be fea
tured at the Curran Theater in this
year's San Francisco Civic Light
Opera Festival.
Opening the season will be "Kiss
Me, Kate," one of Cole Porter's big
gest hits, which starts its run on
May 30.
The other three shows and their
opening dates are "Kismet" (June
27). "The Pajama Game" (July 25).
and "Plain and Fancy" (Oct. 3).
Mail orders for season tickets may
be mailed to the Curran Theater.
