# RA Applications Are Due by May 1
## 
### 
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities are requested to apply by
May 1 at the office of the Coun
selor for Men. Building 101-G, In
ner Quad.
Men applying for dormitory po
sitions will he interviewed by the
Chief Counselor for Men, the As
sistant Counselor for Men, and the
dormitory directors. Those apply
ing for positions in fraternities
will he interviewed by the Chief
Counselor.
Final appointments will he made
on or about May 15, prior to which
date it is requested that inter
views and applications be com
pleted. Applicants are asked to
make certain Ihey have sufficient
time apart from studies to meet
the demands of the residence pro
gram.
