# Public Affairs Lunch
## 
### 
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
'"Wire Tapping and American
Freedoms" will be the topic of the
"Y" Public Affairs Luncheon tomor
row noon.
The discussion, to be held in the
"Y" lounge in the Women's Club
house, will be moderated by Carl
Stover of the Political Science De
partment.
