# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
TUTWS
jinnnran
ImHHH
%
\
r*
;
i, ( | ji 1 " |/
#
■4
MB5aV
'"neA*
OAYVS,
<&'.?.>*
CD
V
P
ar
Doily.
o\i\
k
r
Hf
Will
Jf
\
*4-,
1
CHE\
CP
vrv
C K >
-A
MT
HEY, YOU!!
Come today to a recruitment meeting
for anyone interested in writing,
photographing, proofreading,
drawing, creating computer graphics
or laying out pages for The Daily.
The Daily is conveniently located
across from Terman pond in the
Storke Publications Building. Come
one, come all at 3 p.m.
