# DEKES BOWLING CHAMPS
## 
### 
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
Delta Kappa Epsilon took the
championship in intramural bowl
ing last night from Crothers Hall
as they amassed 1,355 points. High
game lor the evening also went to
the Dekes with 689 points. Bob
Burclick was high man for the win
ners.
