# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
Alpha Phi Omega announces the
engagement of Brad Reese, '51, En
gineering graduate, to Joyce Baker,
'53, Kappa Phi at the University of
Washington.
