# Jets Get 12 MIG's
## 
### 
TOKYO. Thursday, Jan. 15 (UP)
â€”American Sabrejets shot down or
damaged 12 Communist MIG-15's
yesterday when the enemy jets
made a belated attempt to strike
back against Allied attacks that
have "utterly destroyed" eight
bridges funneling supplies through
northwest Korea.
It was the biggest Allied jet vic
tory since Sept. 4, when 13 MlG's
were downed and four damaged.
Forty Sabrejets battled 38 MlG's
that roared across the Yalu River
from Manchuria.
The bridge area, a bottleneck
through which practically all sup
plies from the northwest frontier
with Manchuria must be funneled,
has been hit alternately by night
flying B-29's and daytime fighter
bombers. The Superforts struck on
two days when the fighter-bombers
were idle.
