# Stewart in Flick
## 
### 
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
"Destry Rides Again," starring
Jimmy Stewart, is the second Sun
day Hick of the quarter. This old
Western movie will start at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Twenty cents per person is the
admission price.
