# Film Society Will Present 'Pinky'
## 
### 
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
"Pinky," a movie dealing with
racial prejudice, will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubbei'ley Audito
rium as the first movie in the cur
rent Stanford Film Series. The film
stars Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barry
more, Ethel Waters, and William
Lundigan.
Admission will be granted only to
those holding membership cards in
the Stanford Film Society for the
entire eight - week series. These
cards may be purchased at the Mem
Aud box office or tonight at the
door of Cubberley Auditorium for
$1.80, including tax.
