# Braves Try For Nos. 7-8
## 
### 
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
Currently riding on Cloud Seven
with their six-game win streak and
clean sweep over the Cal Blues, the
Stanford Braves will have to come
to earth when they face two tough
junior college opponents this week
end in the Pavilion.
Despite their strong showing
against other junior college teams,
and the natural tendency toward
over-confidence, the Braves are ex
pected to notch up two more vic
tories for their new coach, George
Lynn, who is making his coaching
debut this Friday.
