# White Speaks Today at Noon
## 
### 
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
Comparing eastern and western
university life in the United States,
Professor Lynn T. White of the Farm
history department, speaks today at
12 o'clock in the Nitery at the
weekly meeting of the Luncheon
Club. Anyone on the campus is in
vited to attend.
Professor White graduated from
Stanford in 1928. He taught for four
years at Princeton before coming to
Stanford three years ago. This
quarter he is giving a seminar in
medieval history of the 13th century.
Drawing parallels of student life,
Professor White will discuss aspacts
of college problems concerning co
education, student politics, living
facilities, and social organization.
Basing his interpretations on per
sonal observations, he will draw from
his travels on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially in Oregon.
Jim Frolik, freshman debate
manager, will be chairman of today's
meeting. A buffet luncheon will be
served for 25 cents. Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood is faculty adviser.
