# Bawlout Proofs To Be Posted Today
## 
### 
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
Proofs for the spring quarter
Bawlout will be posted in front of
the Administration Building this
morning. Students should check
their records and make corrections
before 5 o'clock.
