# Hens Afflicted by Colds, Paralysis, Asserts State Expert; Badly Neglected
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13
rietta, the red 'hen, has been grossly
neglected.
Year in and year out, she has plugged
along, contributing her bit toward om
elettes, ham-an', and custards without so
much as a petulant cackle. And all the
time she has had paralysis, colds, bron
chitis and a dozen other ailments.
This is the assertion of Dr. H. W.
Graybills, director of the state poultry
pathological laboratory at Los Angeles.
Veterinarians have not paid enough at
tention in the past to poultry pathology,
Dr. Graybill said in a recent communi
cation to the state department of agri
culture.
