# Abolishing Rough-House From Fraternity Initiation
## 
### 
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
(From the Cornell Sun)
Among the problems which will
come up before the undergraduate in
terfraternity conference in New York
City at the end of this month will be
that of the "rough-house" element in
fraternity initiations. We trust that
constructive thought will be forthcom
ing, as it is a field which has not had
its share of undergraduate considera
tion. A number of national fraterni
ties are constantly requesting and de
manding that their chapters confine
their initiatory activities to the sol
emn rites of the constitution, but to
date theif efforts have not had re
sults. Local fraternities, of course, are
totally immune to this restraining in
fluence.
The trouble with the fraternities is
that they have not kept up with the
trend of the day; they tend to lag
about twenty years behind the times.
The barbarian spirit which became
collegiate back in the twelfth century,
and which began to become passe
only with the arrival of the twen
tieth, is still jealously preserved in
the brotherly halls. Physical applica
tion of mental education, although
discredited by modern educational
psychology, continues to be in almost
universal vogue among the secret
orders.
