# ETNA DECREASES ACTIVITY AFTER 12-DAY ERUPTION
## 
### 
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (JP) —
Scientists and non-expert observers
agreed today that the demon of Mount
Etna probably had wrought its worst
from the present 12-day eruption of
the volcano. They found, moreover,
that the loss probably would aggre
gate about $18,500,000.
The work of reconstruction has al
ready been planned, chiefly in the
way of mapping out new transporta
tion routes around the fresh lava de
posits.
The Italian engineer corps, which
has been busy for ten days, found
itself confronted with another task
this afternoon. The lava reached the
road over which passengers had been
ferried in automobiles to trains on
the other side of the main lava
stream. This shut off that route of
communication between Messina and
Catania. The engineers started con
struction of a new road 150 feet be
low the demolished one. The route is
essential for maintenance of the
economic life of Sicily's four million
population.
In reaching the total damage fig
ures, nearly $8,500,000 were allowed
for devastation of forests, about
$3,000,000 for destruction of agricul
tural lands, and more than $2,500,000
for interruption of traffic and conse
quent loss of commerce. Destruction
of buildings, roads, bridges, railways,
and wire lines made up the balance.
CATANIA, Sicily, Nov. 13. (/P)— Di
rector Malladra of the Vesuvius ob
servatory today returned from the
eruptive area of Mount Etna with
confirmation that tne activity has ap
preciably diminished. Unless the un
foreseen happens, he predicts a com
plete cessation within two or three
days.
