# SEES HIS PARTY GREAT IN DEFEAT
## 
### 

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."

Governor Alfred E. Smith, who declared in his speech in New York last
night, "The verdict of the American people last Tuesday was not a crushing
defeat of the Democratic Party."
