# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


Absolut
Women's basketball
defeated Oregon absolutely
74-65 on Saturday.
Sports, page 7

Jose Cuervo
While cough syrups may not
resemble tequila, they still
pack an alcoholic kick.
Opinions, page 4

Midori
Fresno State was left green
with envy when baseball won
two out of three games.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Showers,
with a chance of
thunderstorms,
highs around 60.
Wednesday:
Purchase an umbrella


