# Moore defends research at the Hoover Institute
## 
### 
In The Daily on Feb. 15, Sam
McClintock attacked the Hoover Insti
tution, John McCarthy and myself,
Thomas G. Moore, for unspecified fal
sifications and misquotes in an
unnamed publication. More disturbing
than the farrago of unsubstantiated
charges is the author's total lack of
regard for academic freedom and free
speech. McClintock asks "why Stan
ford would allow a research center at
the University to function, when the
research center attempts to show how
global warming will benefit mankind."
For his information, a major role of
universities is to foster research that
challenges prevailing dogma. Truth
comes from academic debate, research
and analysis, not from repressing
unpopular or novel positions.
Although charges without specificn

tion and without backup are unworthy
of response, the reader may wish to
know what excited McClintock so
much. His letter, I assume, refers to
my Hoover Public Policy essay, "Glob
al Warming: A Boon to Humans and
Other Animals," which examines the
proposition that a somewhat warmer
climate would, on net, be beneficial.
This hypothesis is supported by evi
dence from the past that, during peri
ods when the climate was warmer,
mankind flourished, as did flora and
fauna. Colder epochs spelled hard
times for all.
In the 19705, some of the same indi
viduals who are now forecasting seri
ous distress from warming were con
cerned that the climate might turn
colder with devastating effect. Even
though the world's climate has fluctu
ated greatly over the last 100,000
years, it is extraordinary that today
the globe must be enjoying the ideal
climate â€” both colder and warmer
would be worse. Maybe Dr. Pangloss

was right, we do live in"the best of
possible worlds."
Thomas G. Moore
Senior Fellow, Hoover Institution
