# Farm Groups Submit Ideas To Workshop
## 
### 
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
Campus organizations have al
ready submitted many proposals for
discussion in the Student Workshop
to be held this Friday and Saturday.
Proposed discussion at-eas, under
the heading of "The Student's Role
in the Campus Community," include
publication of a campus magazine,
improvement of advising and coun
seling, the campus health program,
and the Fundamental Standard.
Problems of segregation, racial
prejudice, medical care, and educa
tion for a world community will be
discussed under the heading of the
student's role outside the campus
community.
Organizations which so far have
signified their participation in the
Workshop are ASSU Excom, Men's
Council, AWS, Student Health
Committee, 11H, Chaparral, NSA,
Quad, Ram's Head, WAA, Debate
Council, Off-Campus Women's Club,
the Memorial Church Committee,
NAACP, Women's Resident Assist
ants, and YWCA.
