# Panel Topic Is Religion
## 
### 
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
A minister, a religious student,
and an atheist will join together to
broadcast conflicting beliefs today
on the "Stanford Student Round
table."
The speakers will each try to an
swer the quesion, "Is Religion Nec
essary to the College Student?" Re
corded Monday night, the show can
be heard at 3 p.m. today and Sun
day over KIBE, and at 8:30 tonight
on KZSU.
Dr. Paul Covey Johnston, Univer
sity chaplain, and Duane Heath,
graduate student in biology, will
speak for religion. James C. Ford,
graduate law student, will present
an atheistic view.
Dr. Johnston was installed as
Stanford University chaplain in
February of last year. Before com
ing here, he was pastor of Immanuel
Presbyterian Church in Los Ange
les.
The roundtable is a weekly pre
sentation of the Institute of Inter
national Relations. Moderator is
George Velliotes.
