# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Mary Meyer, '50. to Bill
Daegling, Kappa Sigma, business
grad.
