# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

Powerful
Stanford faces second
place Washington tonight
in Seattle.
Page 13

Powerless
'Power is more seductive
than sex, but lacks force
as a flick.
Page 8

There's the Cap'n
A senior here uses his
Detective Crunch I.D. to
find the Cap'n and win
bucks.
Page 7

