# Untitled Article
## 
### 
HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


HOME FREE
Stanford baseball racks up a win
against Oregon with homers.
SPORTS/6

STYLES OF STILES
Julia sits down to talk about
life as a teen icon.
INTERMISSION


