# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.

Associated Press
TAs on strike!
Sumi Cho, a TAin Asian American Studies at UC-Berkeley, hands out yellow
ribbons at the south entrance of the campus yesterday. Some 3,200 teaching
and research assistants walked out of classrooms and onto picket lines to
press a demand recognition as employees.
