# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
The University Band is to he
congratulated upon the succet-s of
the promenade concert last Tues
day night and upon the addition
to the healthy social life of the
University that these concerts will
bring. During the later spring
season, when the weather is warmer
and people are anxious to be out of
doors, these informal concerts, to
which no one needs to be invited
and to which every one is welcome,
can not help but add very materi
ally to the life of our community.
The development of the University
Band during the last two years has
been as steady as it has been unob
trusive, and the successful culmi
nation of its efforts has been
marked by this recent attempt,
which can be characterized in no
other way than as an unqualified
success.
