# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The baseball team deserves un
limited praise for its splendid work
at San .Jose last Friday. Our con
fidence in the team has been re
stored, and the championship has
remained at Stanford after one of
the most exciting games that lias
been played between the univer
sities. As an exhibition of base
ball it was unsurpassed by any
ga me that Stanford has ever played.
The baseball team deserves un
limited praise for its splendid work
at San .Jose last Friday. Our con
fidence in the team has been re
stored, and the championship has
remained at Stanford after one of
the most exciting games that lias
been played between the univer
sities. As an exhibition of base
ball it was unsurpassed by any
ga me that Stanford has ever played.
The baseball team deserves un
limited praise for its splendid work
at San .Jose last Friday. Our con
fidence in the team has been re
stored, and the championship has
remained at Stanford after one of
the most exciting games that lias
been played between the univer
sities. As an exhibition of base
ball it was unsurpassed by any
ga me that Stanford has ever played.
The baseball team deserves un
limited praise for its splendid work
at San .Jose last Friday. Our con
fidence in the team has been re
stored, and the championship has
remained at Stanford after one of
the most exciting games that lias
been played between the univer
sities. As an exhibition of base
ball it was unsurpassed by any
ga me that Stanford has ever played.
