# Sidewalk to Be Completed.
## 
### 
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
Additional squares of pavement will
be laid between the Engineering cor
ner of the Quadrangle and the new
walk on Lasuen street. The unpaved
stretch just before the postoffice is
reached will be bridged by a short
length of sidewalk, making a continu
ous walk f.rom the Quad to the end of
Lasuen.
