# German Fort at Kiaochau Silenced.
## 
### 
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
Tokio, Nov. 4. —The Japanese have
silenced Fort Tltis and have sunk the
battleship Kaiserin Elizabeth at
Kaichau.
