# Senior 'Happy Hours' To Start Tomorrow
## 
### 
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
Seniors will begin the year's so
cial activities with a "happy hour"
tomorrow at Frank's Steak House
from 9 to 12 p.m.
