# Peripheral Road Is 'Campus Drive'
## 
### 
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
The road which will eventually
encircle the University educational
plant, commonly referred to as the
peripheral road, has been named
Campus Diuve, the University an
nounced last week.
About half the road is already in
use. It includes part of Arguello
Street from Russell House to Theta
Chi, a new section that curves out
side the men's residence hall area
and a section of Pine Avenue from
Encina Gym to Palm Drive.
The designations of Pine and Ar
guello will be dropped for the sec
tions of these two roads assimilated
by Campus Drive.
The remainder of the road will
run from Russell House, the corner
of Lasuen and Arguello, around La
gunita and the science buildings on
the west side of the campus to Palm
Drive.
