# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
C^stoyix^9
—gone to
174 University Ave.
When a man bites a dog
that's news; but- when
Thoits announces their
new Spring Shoes that's
good news
