# When Building Workers Struck
## 
### 

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)

PICKETS ARE SHOWN here before one of the
hundreds of New York buildings affected by the
strike of the Building Service Employees Inter-

national Union which disrupted elevator service
and other facilities. (A.P. Photo)
