# SIGMA NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
Sigma Nu announces the pledg
ing (if Robert M. Jones, '37.
