# Graduate Is Betrothed
## 
### 
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
Miss Alice Leithold, '15, has an
nounced her engagement to Everett
Griffith. Miss Leithold is a Delta
Gamma. Mr. Griffith is a graduate of
the University of California. Thp
wedding will take place during the
Christmas holidays.
