# Women to Hold Open Meeting
## 
### 
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
All open meeting of the Women's
Conference will be held Wednesday
evening iu the Women's Clubhouse at
7:150 to discuss the advisability of be
ginning classes at eight o'clock. The
object of this is to gain time for a
fixed free period in the morning during
which committee meetings, assemblies
and class meetings may be held. All
women, particularly juniors and se
niors, are urged to come prepared to
discuss the issue.
