# BIG LEAGUE NEWS
## World's Series News Will be Wired to Daily Palo Alto 
### 
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
Beginning with the first game of the
great world series, to he played in
Philadelphia next Friday, October 8,
The Daily Palo Alto will give Stanford
fans a detailed account of the strug
gle between the American Red Sox
and the National Phillies for suprem
acy on tha diamond. Play by play will
be received by special wire, and posted
with the least possible delay. The best
service obtainable has been leased in
order that a timely account may be as
sured to all interested in the series.
