# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
It was erroneously announced in
yesterday's Daily Palo Alto that the
Cosmopolitan Club would meet Wed
nesday. The club hold its meeting last
night at Professor Ichihashi's home
and reports the enjoyment of a very
pleasant evening.
