# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
A thought often makes us
hotter thun a fire.—Longfellow
