# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
Petitions bearing the names of more
than 1600 students of Washington Uni
versity were recently handed to the
president of the institution asking for
the reinstatement of eight underclass
men who were expelled for hazing.
The result of the petition will be
taken either as a victory fo.r student
control in the university or its de
feat, depending on the decision of the
president.
