# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"

"Your paper is obviously worth and "A," but that would sug
qest no room tor improvement—so 1 feel you should have a
"B"—iollcw me?"
