# General Inspects Battlefield
## 
### 

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto

QUICK INSPECTION—Brig. Gon. Christian de Castries (right),
recently promoted commander of beseiged Dien Bien Phu, is
shown touring installations with French Minister Rene Pleven
| last February. —NEA Telephoto
