# WATER CARNIVAL ENTRIES
## 
### 
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
Junior Water Carnival entries are
due in the ASSU oflicc by Saturday
noon. Carnival event winners of
the annual splash-fest on Sunday
will be awarded prizes donated by
Roos Brothers.
