# FOIL AND MASQUE TO HOLD INFORMAL TOURNEY TONIGHT
## 
### 
Planning to hold informal fencing
bouts in preparation for the big
week-end of Stanford fencing, Foil
and Masque will meet at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Roble Gym
nasium.
Harry Maloney will preside over
the meeting, which will serve as a
get-together before the Big Meet
with California Saturday afternoon
and the Bay Division women's open
foils championship Saturday eve
ning, both of which events will be
held at Stanford.
Four prospects for the United
States Olympic team will be pres
ent to insure outstanding competi
tion. The quartet includes varsity
Captain Leonard Pockman, who won
the Bay Division open saber title,
Jim Reed, who was third in the
same meet, Dick Criley, who was
second in the open foils tourney,
and Marion Terwilliger, who placed
second in last year's Pacific Coast
women's open foils finals.
Although the first two rounds are
scheduled to be completed by this
Saturday, only a few teams have
reached the third round in the in
tramural tennis tournament. Elwyn
Bugge, in charge, has announced.
