# Y.W. Advisory Board And Cabinet To Meet
## 
### 
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
The quarterly joint meeting of the
advisory board and cabinet of the
Y.W.C.A. will take place tonight at
5:45 o'clock at the home of Barbara
Beach Thompson, 445 Lowell, Palo
Alto. Ail members of the cabinet
not having transportation are re
quested to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse at 5:45 o'clock where
transportation will be provided for
them.
