# FARM CROWDED; STANFORD "500" HARDER TO WED
## 
### 
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
Fewer and fewer become the
chances of the Stanford "rough"
to mate with one of the "500."
That ponderous tome, the
1043-page Alumni Directory,
reveals' that the percentage of
women on the Farm is steadily
decreasing.
High-water mark came in
1898-99, when 40.1% of Ihe
student body were women.
Now (1930-31) only 17.1 "c of
Stanford's students are women.
Even more depressing to the
"rough" is the fact that 55% of
Stanford women graduates who
marry scorn the attentions of
their undergraduate comrades.
