# NEWMAN CLUB EVENT
## 
### 
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
When the Stanford Newman Club,
campus Catholic organization, holds
its quarterly communion breakfast
Sunday, it will be addressed by
Reverend Father Peter Dunne, S.J.,
professor of history at San Fran
cisco University. A breakfast at the
President Hotel will follow com
munion at the 8:15 o'clock mass at
St. Thomas Aquinas church in Palo
Alto.
