# MANAGER
## 
### 

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.

"Bucky" Harris, manager of the
Detroit Tigers, has been putting his
team through its paces on the Stan
lord diamond.
