# Untitled Article
## 
### 
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
'Uncle Vanya' runs at the Manhattan Playhouse, weekends
through December. Starring in the Chekhov classic are
Foothill Prof. Doyne Mraz, De Anza Prof. Helene Yuill, Stan
ford Prot. Larrv Friedlander and Stanford student Linda
Morrissey.
