# Farm Professors'' Books Published
## 
### 
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
Prentice-Hall has recently pub
lished two books by Stanford pro
fessors.
David E. Faville, professor of
marketing in the Graduate School
of Business, has written "Selected
Case Problems in Retailing." The
book cites nearly 100 cases select
ed from recent problems in store
experience.
"The Occupational Structure
and Education," by Lawrence G.
Thomas, associate professor of
education, offers a guide to the
character of the labor force and
job structure in the United States
today.
