# Union Winter Formal Scheduled for Tonight
## 
### 
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
Union Residence arrd the Union
Units will hold their annual win
ter formal tonight in the Room of
the Dons in the Mark Hopkins
Hotel.
