# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
Stanford's basketball team has
never won a PCC Northern Divi
sion Championship.
