# KZSU Appoints 16 New Officers
## 
### 
Sixteen officers have been ap
pointed to help lead KZSU's 130-
member staff, station manager
Terry Bateman announced yester
day.
Newly appointed officers are
Bill Robinson, assistant station
manager; Barbara Beckwith, con
tinuity; Walt Brown, sports direc
tor; Mary Sue Bruce, serving;
Harry Chandler, news director;
Don Davidson, maintenance engi
neer; Jim Gabbert, chief announ
cer; Gary Gielow, sales;
A 1 Greener, studio engineer;
Margie Haruff, office; Chris Hou
ser, publicity; Eveline Price, rec
ord librarian; Bill Robinson, per
sonnel; Tom Smith, recording en
gineer; Sandy Spellman, remote
engineer; and Stan Wise, publica
tions and surveys.
