# 'Playboy' Dance To Be Tomorrow
## 
### 
Stern Hall and "Playboy" mag
azine will sponsor the Stern Play
boy Dance tomorrow night. The
all-campus event will be held
from 9 to 1 at Stern Hall.
Howard Fredrie and his "Band
of Gold" will play for the affair.
Fredrie and his group have been
heard at local hotels and country
clubs and have played at the Jun
ior Prom. The band is comprised
of seven pieces and a vocalist.
Dress for the dance is "dressy
sport." The decorations have been
supplied by "Playboy" magazine.
Among these will be two 4x6-foot
pictures of the magazine's "play
mates." Playboy jokes will also
lie featured. There will be danc
ing in the lounges and in the
patio.
Tickets will be sold for SI .75
per couple at the door tomorrow
night.
