# 'Alpine Club
## 
### 
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
Stanford Alpine Club leaves to
morrow for a two-day rock climb
ing and camping trip at Pinnacles
Stale Park and Recreational Area.
