# Sports Car Enthusiasts Plan Figure 8 Rally
## 
### 
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
Stanford's Sports Car Club will
hold a figure 8 rally at noon to
morrow in the parking lot by the
stadium.
The event will be open to both
American and foreign cars.
