# HOOVER VISITS TOMB OF ALBERT OF BELGIUM
## 
### 

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.

STANFORD'S NO. 1 citizen, Herbert Hoover, visiting Belgium for the first time in 1!» years, leaves Laeken
Crypt, Brussels, after placing a wreath on the tomb of King Albert, his World War friend. The honor was
paid on the fourth anniversary of the King's death. At right i: Mr. Hoover's host in Brussels, U. S. Ambas
sador Hugh Gibson.
