# Olympic Games To Face Delay
## 
### 
PARIS, March 3 (UP).â€”The ques
tion of postponing the 1940 Olympics
until October because of Tokyo's
torrid mid-summer heat will be set
tled at the annual meeting of the
International Olympic Committee
meeting in Cairo, Egypt, next week.
The question arose at the annual
congress of the International Ama
teur Athletic Federation which end
ed last night with re-election to a
four-year term of President Sieg
fried Edstrom of Sweden.
The Japanese delegate Matsuzo
Magai's proposal to shift the games
from August to October met with
heated opposition from American
delegate Avery Brundage, who was
joined by representatives of Great
Britain and France.
