# New Liner To Inherit Famous Name
## 
### 

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.

THIS IS THE new Cunard White Star Liner that will be christened
Mauretania, in construction at Birkenhead, England. Second to bear
the name, (his ship will be 750 feet long, somewhat larger than her
famous name. ake which for 22 years was speed queen of the Atlantic.
The new ship will be launched about July 28.
