# Del Monte Trip Set For Card Poloists
## 
### 
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
Captain Haydcn Grubb's Stanford
poloists are going to have a busy
vacation. Saturday, March 12, they
are scheduled to meet the powerful
Trojan squad on the highway field
at 2 o'clock. The rest of the time
will be spent at Del Monte in open
matches with various independent
teams from the peninsula and the
Monterey Bay region.
