# Changes Slated In Fall Rushing
## Open House Planned With Fewer Periods 
### 
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
Resulting from an informal con
ference held after last Wednesday's
Interfraternity Council meeting had
adjourned, a plan is being consid
ered by that body to completely re
vise rushing for next fall quarter,
according to Don Moulton, Interfra
ternity Council president.
Formal pledging will take place as
usual, the second week of winter
quarter, but there will be a marked
decrease in autumn quarter rushing
periods.
By the new proposal, the first pe
riod will be conducted on an open
house basis. There will be no meals
served and no date cards, and avery
freshman will be welcomed to any
house on the campus. After that,
regular rushing periods will com
mence as they are now in effect.
The Interfraternity Council thinks
that the new plan would do away
with much of the strain of the pres
ent system by giving every frosh a
chance to visit the houses that he
likes best.
