# CHEMISTRY SEMINAR
## 
### 
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
'Die Chemistry Department will
hold a seminar at 4:10 o'clock Mon
day in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building.
