# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
The Boston Globe was the first
newspaper to receive a news story
over the telephone.
