# 150 BIDS FOR ENCINA FORM4L GO ON SALE
## 
### 
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
One hundred and fifty bids for the
Encina Club Formal, to he held in the
Eneina Lobby on January 13, will go
on sale to all students this morning
in the Old Union.
Many specialty numbers from San
Francisco have been arranged for by
Joe Campbell of the dance committee
to furnish entertainment along with
Jack Swales' seven-piece Berkeley
Orchestra.
The work of decorating the hall will
be started Tuesday under the direc
tion of a San Francisco theatre deco
rator. and all decorations will be in
keeping with Friday the thirteenth.
