# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
U.C.L.A. will have 150,000 trees and
shrubs to complete the landscaping
on its new campus.
