# Teams To Start Basketball Play Monday In Race For Hastings Cup
## 
### 
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
Competition for the Hastings Bas
ketball Trophy, now held by the Sis
ma Chi fraternity, will be renewed
next Monday evening when the first
games of the Intramural Basketball
Tournament of 1928 get under way
in the Pavilion and Encina Gymna
sium under the direction of Charles
Davis, intramural sports mentor.
Some of the strongest teams of tlxo
league are scheduled to appear dur
ing the evening, insuring plenty of
action for those who attend. The
Breakers and Chi Psi fives, each of
which is conceded a good chance to
reach the finals, are among these.
While preliminary preparations for
the series are now practically com
pleted, there is still a need for more
officials to insure adequate referee
ing. Davis has requested that any
men in the University, especially ex
perienced upper division students,
who are interested in acting as
referees, report to him sometime to
day.
Following is the schedule of Mon
day evening's games; El Cuadro vs.
Military Department, Encina, 5:10;
Kappa Alpha vs. El Capitan, Encina,
7:15; Encina 4W vs. Phi Delta Theta,
Encina, 7:30; Encina IE vs. Sigma
Chi, Encina, 8:25; Delta Upsilon vs.
Theta Delta Chi, Pavilion, 7:15; Chi
Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, Pavilion,
7:50; Breakers vs. Encina 3E, En
cina, 8:25.
