# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
The most conveniently located
and most reasonably priced shop
for Stanford women.
H Stanford Woman's
DEAUTY PARLOR
Women's Clubhouse. P.A. 2051
