# Stanford Represented at Women's Athletic Parley
## 
### 
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
Miss Bunting, director of Roble gym
nasium, is away attending a confer-,
ence of the Western Society of College
Directors of Physical Education for
Women which is meeting this week at
Pomona College.
A paper on the question, "Is Inter
national Hockey Justifiable?" will be
read by Miss Bunting. On Friday and
Saturday she will attend (he meeting
of (he Western Section of the Athletic
Conference of American College Wo
men as faculty representative of Stan
ford. Margaret Watson and Jean Ward
are attending as student representa
tives.
