# Men of Pacific Fleet Attend Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
Officers and men of the Pacific Fleet
will be guests of Stanford tomorrow
and will see the Oregon-Stanford meet,
according to information tfom the
graduate manager's office. All men in
uniform will be admitted to the meet
free of charge, it was also announced.
The visit to Stanford will be a part
of the celebration planned for this
week while the combined Pacific and
Atlantic fleets are anchored in San
Francisco bay.
