# Correction
## 
### 
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
Gladys McLeod was elected senior
member of W. A. A., instead of Gert
rude McLeod, as was announced in
yesterday's paper.
