# Who Has the Silver Football?
## 
### 
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee I was appointed
to look up the silver football of
fered by the University Club of
San Francisco to the team winning
the first three games. Stanford
has won three games and the
trophy should be taken to San
Francisco to be engraved with
scores, etc. Any one knowing the
whereabouts of said trophy will
confer a great favor by informing
me. Forrest S. Fisher.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee I was appointed
to look up the silver football of
fered by the University Club of
San Francisco to the team winning
the first three games. Stanford
has won three games and the
trophy should be taken to San
Francisco to be engraved with
scores, etc. Any one knowing the
whereabouts of said trophy will
confer a great favor by informing
me. Forrest S. Fisher.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee I was appointed
to look up the silver football of
fered by the University Club of
San Francisco to the team winning
the first three games. Stanford
has won three games and the
trophy should be taken to San
Francisco to be engraved with
scores, etc. Any one knowing the
whereabouts of said trophy will
confer a great favor by informing
me. Forrest S. Fisher.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee I was appointed
to look up the silver football of
fered by the University Club of
San Francisco to the team winning
the first three games. Stanford
has won three games and the
trophy should be taken to San
Francisco to be engraved with
scores, etc. Any one knowing the
whereabouts of said trophy will
confer a great favor by informing
me. Forrest S. Fisher.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee I was appointed
to look up the silver football of
fered by the University Club of
San Francisco to the team winning
the first three games. Stanford
has won three games and the
trophy should be taken to San
Francisco to be engraved with
scores, etc. Any one knowing the
whereabouts of said trophy will
confer a great favor by informing
me. Forrest S. Fisher.
