# Euphronia.
## 
### 
Euphronia held its first regular
weekly meeting at half past 7 o clock
on Saturday evening in room 81 of the
quadrangle. The society was called to
order by Pres. Oathcart, and the roll
call was responded to by every one of
the old members still attending the
University. After au extempore liter
ary program, the business of the even
ing was taken up and the following
men were elected officers for the en
suing semester : president, Hinsdill,
'95; vice-president. Pierson, '96; sec
retary, Saudwick. '95; assistant secre
tary, Bledsoe, '96; treasurer, Brown,
'95; chaplain, Matthews, '96; sergcant
at-arms, Oathcart, '96; executive coui
uiittco, Sandwick, 95, Colliver, 96,
Pierson, '96, Gale, '95, Gunn, '95.
After hearing the report of the pro
gram committee and passing resolutions
thanking the officers of last semester
for their efficient work in organizing
and carrying on the work of the society,
an adjournment was taken till next
Saturday evening.
Euphronia held its first regular
weekly meeting at half past 7 o clock
on Saturday evening in room 81 of the
quadrangle. The society was called to
order by Pres. Oathcart, and the roll
call was responded to by every one of
the old members still attending the
University. After au extempore liter
ary program, the business of the even
ing was taken up and the following
men were elected officers for the en
suing semester : president, Hinsdill,
'95; vice-president. Pierson, '96; sec
retary, Saudwick. '95; assistant secre
tary, Bledsoe, '96; treasurer, Brown,
'95; chaplain, Matthews, '96; sergcant
at-arms, Oathcart, '96; executive coui
uiittco, Sandwick, 95, Colliver, 96,
Pierson, '96, Gale, '95, Gunn, '95.
After hearing the report of the pro
gram committee and passing resolutions
thanking the officers of last semester
for their efficient work in organizing
and carrying on the work of the society,
an adjournment was taken till next
Saturday evening.
