# Palo Alto Notes.
## 
### 
O. M. Benson, p.g., will assist a few
hours each day in the post office.
Charlie Parkinson, while on his reg
ular rounds delivering papers, had a
runaway. His buggy was badly broken.
The University Hook Store on Uni
versity avenue is getting in a large
stock of general student supplies. A
large consignment of goods was received
to-day.
The Misses Kelly and Carroll, late of
Olynapia, Washington, arc the pro
prietors of the new Palo Alto Kcs
taurant. These ladies, while in
Olympia, bore the reputation of keeping
the best hotel in that city.
O. M. Benson, p.g., will assist a few
hours each day in the post office.
Charlie Parkinson, while on his reg
ular rounds delivering papers, had a
runaway. His buggy was badly broken.
The University Hook Store on Uni
versity avenue is getting in a large
stock of general student supplies. A
large consignment of goods was received
to-day.
The Misses Kelly and Carroll, late of
Olynapia, Washington, arc the pro
prietors of the new Palo Alto Kcs
taurant. These ladies, while in
Olympia, bore the reputation of keeping
the best hotel in that city.
