# SALT talk
## 
### 
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
Sidney Drell, deputy director of
the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, will speak on "SALT II: Its
Significance, Value and Limitation"
tonight at 8 p.m. in Kresge Au
ditorium.
