# Night editing
## 
### 
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
front page of the Daily at a training
session from 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday in
the Daily editorial office across from
the Terman Engineering building.
Anyone with creative ideas is en
couraged to attend. Non-staffers
welcome.
