# Tuition, Fees Will Increase Fall '60, '61
## 
### 
Quarterly tuition and fees at
Stanford are going up in the fall
of 1960 and 1961. This September,
board and room will rise from
$285 to $305 a quarter. In Septem
ber of 1961 tuition will increase
from $335 to $420 a quarter. This
announcement was made by Pres
ident Wallace Sterling recently.
It will mark the sixth increase
in tuition at Stanford since the
war.
The President pointed out that
this boost will allow Stanford to
continue to raise faculty and staff
salaries and improve the quality
of instruction in the university.
Student aid funds will also be
increased by an additional $45,000
set aside by the Board of Trustees
at their recent annual June meet
ing to insure that no student is
denied an opportunity to attend
Stanford for lack of funds, Ster
ling emphasized.
President Sterling pointed out
that Stanford has withstood finan
cial pressures much longer than
most universities. The Universi
ty's last tuition boost to $1005 a
year was in 1955. Most of the
major private colleges and univer
sities are well beyond that, for
example, Princeton, $1450; Har
vard, $1320; Caltch, $1310; MIT,
$1300; Johns Hopkins, $1200;
Mills, $1150; Pomona, $1140; and
Occidental, $1130.
Historically, tuition at Stanford
always has paid only about half
of the actual cost of educating a
student. Now at the present cost,
it covers only about 42%. This
new increase is expected to push
it back up to the customary ratio.
