# Warsaw Plans New Exchange
## 
### 
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
Stanford and the University of
Warsaw have agreed to an ex
change of students, 11. Donald
Winbigler, Dean of Students, re
ported recently.
This affiliation is one of the
first between an American and
Polish university and adds an
other to Stanford's exchange pro
grams with others: the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Keio Uni
versity in Japan.
Three students have been
chosen by Stanford and the Uni
versity of Poland is making a
fnal choice: James F. Morrison of
Stockton, a graduate student in
political science who attended the
Vienna Youth Festival, Yvonne E.
Olsen a senior English major and
chairman of the Foreign Scholar
ship Commission, and William B.
Hutchinson, a junior Russian ma
jor who has studied at the Uni
versity of Geneva.
Applications from Warsaw are
now being considered at Stanford
to choose the student to come
here.
