# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."

Luke Vania, who performs as Owen Webster, listens to his brother,
portrayed by Thomas Jam art, playing his cornet in the final act
of Saroyan's "The Beautiful People."
