# THOUSANDS BRAVE RAIN TO SEE GAELS WIN
## 
### 

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)

'ilie annual Santa Clara-St. Mary's football classic was played in a sea of mud as a drenching rainstorm
soaked (lie fans who turned out to sec the game. Here is Frank Sobrero mtempting |<> get away on a slippery
turf. After the final gun had sounded the score was just the reverse of what Santa Clara wanted, St. Mary's 7,
Santa Clara 0. (Associated Press photo.)
