# ORCHESIS MEETING
## 
### 
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
Because of the Rally, Orchesis,
dancing society, will meet this af
ternoon at 5 o'clock in the Women's
j Gym instead of at the usual hour.
