# DOCTORATE EXAMINATION
## 
### 
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
Richard E. Wright (major, chem
istry; minor, geology) will be given
an oral examination for his doctor
ate at 1:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon in room 18 of the Chemistry
Building.
