# Catholic, Protestant To Discuss Unity
## 
### 
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
Christian Unity will be dis
cussed today by two of the
nation’s religious leaders,
Roman Catholic Daniel
O’Hanlon, S.J., and Protes
tant; Robert McAfee Brown.
The theologians will give
their candid views on “The
Ecumenical Council and the
Renewal of the Church” at
7:30 p.m. in the Physics Lec
ture Hall.
