# I-Ball Presents Dancers, Hackett
## 
### 
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
A bevy of exotic dancers will
entertain International Ball goers
Friday night, as President and
Mrs. Wallace Sterling and 12
Consul-Generals meet students in
the Gold Room of the Shcraton-
Palace Hotel.
The Ball, sot for 8:30 p.m., will
feature dance music by Ray
Hackett.
Kripal Singh’s Bhangra dance
troupe and Mary Leela Rao will
perform Indian dances, Ysmin
Scallon will do a Turkish belly
dance and Shirley Sun will per
form a Hawaiian dance.
The event is sponsored by the
I-Club and the Palo Alto Commu
nity Committee for International
Students. Tickets at $3.75 per
couple may be purchased at the
door or by writing to Box 3045,
Stanford;
Those who need or can give
rides should sign up at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
