# Theater’ Talk Set for Today
## 
### 
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting
professor in Stanford’s depart
ment of Modern European lan
guages, will speak on “Theater
and the Mask” at 4:15 p.m. Thurs
day in the Little Theater.

The lecture, open to the public
without charge, is sponsored by
Act and Idea, an organization of
graduate students in the drama
department.
Dr. Malaquais, who holds a
Doctor des Lettres from the Uni
versity of Paris, is the author of
several novels, plays and books
of short stories that have been
translated and published in the
United States, England, Mexico,
Argentina. Brazil, Poland. Hun
gary and Italy.

His essays, articles and poetry
have appeared in major literary
magazines throughout the world.
The author lias received five
major literary awards in Paris,
New York and London, and has
taught at New York University,
at New School for Social Re
search in New York, and at the
Universities of Texas, Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
