# MAJOR GRANT WILL BE SPEAKER AT C. E. BANQUET TOMORROW
## 
### 
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
Major U. S. Grant, 3rd, will address
the Stanford* chapter of American So
ciety of Civil Engineers at the ban
quet to be held in the Delta Chi house
tomorrow evening. The society will
hold a business meeting at 5:30 and
the banquet will start at 6:15.
Major Grant is at present the Dis
trict Engineer of the third San Fran
cisco District. Prior to taking over that
position, he was very active in inter
national affairs.
He participated in the Punitive Ex
pedition into Mexico just prior to the
World War. During that time, he held
the following positions: Recorder of
War Council, December, 1917; Secre
tary of the American section, Supreme
War Council, January, 1918-December,
1919 (Versailles, France); Assistant
Commissioner, American Mission on
Prisoners of War, August to Novem
ber, 1918 (Berne, Switzerland); Ameri
can Member of Joint International
Secretariat, and member of various
committees, Peace Conference (Paris,
France).
