# Burford Given Gimbal Award
## 
### 
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
Chris Burford captain of last
season's Stanford football team
and an All-American selection at
end — was selected for another
award yesterday. Burford won the
'Jay Gimbel Athletic Attitude
prize for the '59-'6O season —an
award for the Stanford athlete
with the best mental attitude
toward sports.
This award is given by the
Athletic Department after a poll
of all Stanford coaches. Burford
won in close competition over
Ernie Cunliffe, the Nation's top
880 man, and John Arrillaga,
standout guard on the '59-'6O In
dian basketball team.
