# King Alfred's Translation Given.
## 
### 
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
A new course has been added to the
English Philology Department, it is
scheduled as King Alfred's Anglo-
Saxon Translation of Boethius. The
class will meet Thursdays during the
semester, with Professor E. Fliigel as
instructor.
