# Weather
## 
### 
ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



ROCK ON
Actor/director Chris
Rock talks about his
new movie.
INTERMISSION

vying for no. i
No. 2 Stanford
women's tennis takes on
no. 1 USC today.
SPORTS/6

Today: Rain/Wind

High 58
Low 39
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



