# Stanford Men Assist in "High Jinks"
## 
### 
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
A company <>112 entertainers se
lected from the Musical Clubs will
apj»e;ir at a "High Jinks" to he
given hy the Stanford Parlor of the
N. S. G. W. on next Saturday even
ing at the banquet hall of the
Native Sons building in San Fran
cisco. The parlor, which was
founded by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford, is one of the strongest and
most popular of the order. The
jinks will he an important social
even t.
