# AUSTRIAN SOCIALISTS JAILED
## 
### 
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
VIENNA, Nov. 12. (/P) —Fifteen So
cialists were arrested today when So
cial Democrats jeered a company of
Republican soldiers marching in cele
bration of the tenth anniversary of
the formation of the Republic.
