# SPORTS OF 1928
## A 						Catching Fullback 
### BY "FEG" MURRAY, '16 
Charley Schmidt, fullback of Coach
Nibs Price's California Bears, should
be good at backing up a line, as he is
backstop on the baseball nine during
the spring months. Like Gordon Coch
rane, recently voted the most valu
able player in the American League,
he combines football with catching,
and does .well at both sports. He
played a conspicuous part recently in
California's surprising scoreless tie
with Southern California, and will be
heard from again before the Coast
gridiron season is over.
When Schmidt reported for the
baseball team last spring, he asked
for a trial at first base. But Coach
Carl Zamloch, who pitched for the
Detroit Tigers back in 1913, knew
something of the history of young
Charley's ancestors, and put him be
hind the plate. For his father, Charles
Schmidt, was a catcher with the De
troit team from 1906 to 1911, and his
uncle, Walter Schmidt, caught for the
Pirates from 1911 until after 1920.
If the pickers of All-American
teams paid more attention to small
colleges and universities, the name
of Gordon Cochrane might have been
listed in the Gridiron Hall of Fame.
Dr. Charles Whelan, his coach at
Boston University, called him the
greatest natural athlete he had ever

coached. In 1922 in the Holy Cross
game, Cochrane was knocked cold in
the first quarter. He was able to re
sume play when only eight minutes of
the final half remained, and then
went in and made a touchdown in two
dazzling runs, and kicked the goal to
tie the score.

