# Second Moot Court Case Held Tonight in Room 12
## 
### 
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
Arguments in the second case in
the Moot Court contest will be made
tonight at 7:30 o'clock when Evans
and Harkleroad meet Coelho and An
drews before Attorney Edwin Holt
man in Room 12 of the Law building.
Hoffman is a Stanford graduate and
J is practicing law in San Mateo.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 12. (/P)—
Alter one season of experience with
it, directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League voted to abandon
the split season.
