# HARRY MALONEY WILL LEAVE FOR MEET OF N.C.A.A.
## 
### 
Harry Maloney will leave for New
York tomorrow morning to represent
Stanford at the annual convention of
the National Collegiate Athletic As
sociation scheduled to take place
November 18, 19, and 20, and will re
main in New York for a few days on
business for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Ward Smith, a member of last
year's varsity soccer team, has been
appointed to supervise the work of
the freshman and varsity soccer
squads during Harry Maloney's ab
sence from the campus. He will be
assisted in the work by Wally Fell,
varsity soccer captain. Cy Farwell,
last year's captain, together with
Herbert Hoover, Jr., will also serve
as volunteer assistants during Ma
loney's absence.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been se
lected by California and Stanford to
referee the soccer match between the
two institutions next Saturday. Hoo
ver was unanimously chosen as chief
official for the game.
