# Fencers Set For Tourney
## 
### 
Ending the season with a dra
matic coup d'epee and hopefully
a coup de grace over Berkeley's
perennially victorious squads,
Stanford's men and women
fencers will plunge foil and
electrical hookup into the fray
this Saturday in the Northern
California Intercollegiate Fenc
ing Association's 1965-66 Team
Championships. Eight schools
are expected to enter teams.
Competing for the ribbon and
brass for Stanford will be Ike
Hong, Ricardo Maduro, and
Clark Carr for the men; and
Scharon Scofield, Joanne Paci
orek, and Valerie Nelson for the
women.
The meet will mark the cul
mination and test of the second
year of fine coaching by Mrs.
Jean Helliwell.
