# S Miler
## 
### 

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard

Iron-lunged Dave Deubner win
ning the 880 against Washing
ton last weekend. Dave will be
competing In the mile and two
mile tomorrow against Cal.
Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
