# Tom Dooley?
## 
### 

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.

The Cognitive Dissonance, a
Stanford group with Jini Fried
rich, Gray Chanmbers and Bob
O'Conner, will sing American
folk music in the International
Festival's three shows this Sat
urday in Dinkelspiel.
