# Untitled Article
## 
### 
College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



College capers
Campus Compendium
checks in on academic
institutions across the
United States. See page 3

Military drama
"A Soldier's Play" raises
urgent questions about
how minorities should
achieve success in white
America. See page 12.

Pigskin preview
A look at the best and the
worst — and everybody in
between — in college
football's toughest confer
ence. See page 6.



