# HARVARD SECURES NEW SOCCER COACH
## 
### 
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
Jack Kershaw, professional soccer
player abroad and in the United States
for fifteen years, has been appointed
to succeed Coach White at Harvard.
