# TRUCKS SECURED TO TRANSPORT WOMEN TO HUGE JOLLY-UP
## 
### 
With music furnished by the
Brooks-Worth infirm syncopation
artists, with the Basketball Pa
vilion furnished by the Univer
sity, with men furnished at fifty
cents a head (twenty-five cents a
foot), and with women furnished
free of charge, the all-campus
jolly-up planned for the end of
this week promises to be a super
spectacle, surpassed only by a
super-super-Hollywood mob scene.
Skull and Snakes, men's honor
ary society, and Cap and Gown,
senior women's honorary or
ganization, have Intel the temerity
to sponsor the colossal affair, and
plans are being rapidly developed.
The women will ride to and from
the Pavilion on trucks driven by
the accomplished Skullers and
Snakers.
And the time â€”why, the time,
Ladies and Gentlemen, will be
Friday night, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
