# STANFORD NINE SET FOR BEARS IN FIRST GAME
## Captain Collins or Sobieski Will Start on Mound For Redshirts TEAMS NEARLY EQUAL Wolter Forecasts Record Playing by Cardinal Diamond Squad 
### Milton Silverman 
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
Saying that "they will play the best
baseball they have shown this year in
the Stanford-California game," Coach
Harry Wolter is confident that the
Cardinal nine will give a record of
themselves in Saturday's game. This
encounter, the first of a series of
three, will be held at Stanford, and
will start at 3 o'clock, giving those
who witness the Stanford-U.S.C. meet
plenty of time •to watch most of the
play on the diamond. The second game
is scheduled for the following Satur
day at California, and the third again
at Stanford the day of the Big Meet.
Lineup Announced
Either Captain Collins or Sobieski
will start on the mound for the Cardi
nals, says Wolter in announcing the
tentative lineup. Sypher will be behind
the plate, Maguire on first, Garibaldi
on second, Busch at short, and either
Rees or Harder on third. The regular
three, Stewart, Wilton, and Nissen,
will appear in the outfield.
Stanford has consistently had the
best pitching it has ever been given
in many years. Collins, Sobieski, and
Philippi are all capable of withstand
ing any of the batting that the Bears
can offer. The defense, which started
very dangerously weak in the first of
the year, has gradually improved until
now it will serve adequately to back
up the liurlers.
Teams Nearly Equal
Both Stanford and California have
played the same teams, Santa Clara,
Saint Mary's, and U.S.C., in the pre
liminary games, and both have won
and lost nearly the same number of
contests. Their percentages for all
games played are practically equal,
and their conference standings are
the same. With these figures, baseball
dopesters have more than a little diffi
culty in trying to predict the outcome
of the series.
