# Adv. 36 Page 14
## 
### 
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
Congratulations
Mercer congratulates all
Stanford.
students who will join us
for full-time employment
this year.
Class of 2001
Nitin Chopra
Gerald Mitchell
Alok Sindher
Cindy Wang
MERCER
Management Consulting
Beijing
Boston
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Frankfurt
Geneva
Hong Kong
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Mexico City
Montreal
Munich
New York
Paris
Pittsburgh
San Francisco
Toronto
Seoul
Washington
Zurich
www mercermc.com
