# Dean Kirkwood Appointed To State Bar Committee
## 
### 
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood, of the
Stanford School of Law, has been
appointed to the Slate Bar commit
tee to secure a prominent speaker
for the Alexander Morrison founda
tion. The foundation is an endow
ment established to bring some
prominent speaker to the California
State Bar convention each year, the
balance of the income from the en
dowment to be used to publish the
address.
Speakers in the past have inducted
Dean Roscoe Pound of the Harvard
law school, James G. Rogers, As
sistant Secretary of State, and
Henry M. Bates, Dean of the Uni
versity of Michigan law school.
