# Named Corespondent
## 
### 

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)

Betty Hill (above), movie scripl
girl, was named by Eleanor Board
man as corespondent In her divorcc
suit against King Vidor, movie di
rector. (Associated Press Photo)
