# Yankee Skaters Being Picked To Race Norway
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 (/P)—Frank M.
Kalteaux, president of the Amateur
Skating Union of the United States,
today selected the American team
which will compete against Nor
way's stars in a series of interna
tional speed races.
The skaters, all members of the
United States Olympic skating team
last winter, are Eddie Schroeder,
Chicago; Valentine Bialis, Utica, N.
Y.; Bert Taylor, New York; Eddie
Wedge, Detroit, and Carl Springer,
New York. The team, accompanied
by Mr. Kalteaux, will sail for Nor
way December 28. All plan tn com
pete in the world championship
races later.

Not desiring to gi'ant credit to
shopkeepers, many factories in
Budapest, Hungary, send goods to
the provinces by messengers who
return with country produce for
which they have bartered.
