# Telephone Strike Threatens; Nation-wide Walkout Urged
## 
### 
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS CUP). —A
telephone strike threat arose to
night to harass the nation even
more directly than the steel walk
out which ended several hours
earlier.
As steel workers look up their
posts again, the executive board
of the National Federation of Tel
ephone Workers, meeting in
Memphis, Tenn., recommended a
nationwide walkout by telephone
workers.
The NFT\V executive board

proposed that 1!) member unions
strike to support wage demands.
The union represents more than
200.000 workers, and the strike
would tie up virtually all tele
phone service from coast to coast,
affecting directly millions of
Americans.
A poll of the unions affiliated
in the NFTW indicated the tele
phone walkout was a virtual cer
tainty — thus threatening the
country with the most disastrous
telephone strike in its history.
