# Housman Verse Read Today
## 
### 
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
The poetry of A. E. Housmam,
English poet and scholar, will be
read by George Sensabaugh. asso
ciate professor of English, this af
ternoon at 4:15 in the Social Room
of the School of Education (third
floor).
Mr. Scnsabaugh will read short
poems chiefly from"The Shropshire
Lad" and some from "Last Poems."
Through I lie selections to be read
Mr. Sensabaugh will show the same
threads that run through much of
Housman's poetry.
Next Tuesday. Feb. 2(5. John Dodds
will read from the Victorian poets.
