# SHOWERS MONDAY
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1G (UP)
—Weather: San Francisco Bay re
gion: showers Monday afternoon
partly cloudy in afternoon; Tuesday
partly cloudy; cooler; moderate
northwest wind.
