# Institute Offers Two Fellowships
## 
### 
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
The Institute of International Edu
cation has announced that two Roo
sevelt Fellowships have been offered
to candidates from Washington,
Oregon and California. This district
is one of (he ten throughout the
United States. Twenty fellowships
are offered in all.
The fellowships are offered to en
able successful candidates to study
in the univeristies of the other
American republics for the period
March to December 1942. According
to Dr. Graham Stuart, of the polit
ical science department, the fellow
ship is among the better ones of
fered. It provides for tuition, room
and board, maintenance, and travel
ing expenses to and from the as
signed institution.
Applications may be obtained from
Dr. Stuart in the political science
department or Mrs. Iloge in the Pan-
American Institute office in the Hoo
ver Library. Applications and cre
dentials must be filed by Nov. 21.
1941.
