# Doctor To Lead Question Hour
## 
### 
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds, retired
physician of Palo Alto and former
president of the Stanford Associ
ates, will lead the discussion at the
weekly question hour to be held at
the home of Dr. and Mrs. D. Elton
Trueblood tomorrow night at 8
o'clock.
Dr. Reynolds will speak on the
spiritual resources which have made
possible his work as a physician.
All students are invited to attend.
Dr. Trueblood's home is at 747
Dolores Street.
