# $70,000 Awarded To Food Institute
## 
### 
Stanford's Food Research Insti
tute has been awarded a $70,000
grant by the Rockefeller Founda
tion to aid the Institute's general
research program during the next
four years, it was announced re
cently by President J. Wallace
Sterling.
The funds will enable the organi
zation, now in its 31st year, to com
plete its monumental 22 - volume
"Studies on Food, Agriculture, and
World War II."
This work was begun in 1940
with an original grant of $300,000
from tlie Rockefeller Foundation
and involves an analysis of interna
tional commodities, international
organization and control, and na
tional and regional management of
food and agriculture during the
war.
