# Professor Hulme, 82, Dies Tuesday
## 
### 
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
Edward Maslin Hulme, professor
emeritus of history at Stanford,
died Tuesday night at a Palo Alto
rest home at the age of 82. Dr.
Hulme was widely known for his
scholarly writings on the Middle
Ages. He taught at Stanford from
1921 to 1937.
Professor Hulme first came to
Palo Alto in 1892. Despite his lack
of entrance requirements, he was
permitted to enter Stanford and in
five years was graduated with the
class of '97.
He was editor of the Quad in his
final year and served as editor of
the Sequoia, the Stanford literary
magazine.
After graduation he taught high
school in Portland for three years.
He then went to Cornell and Har
vard for graduate study and to the
Sorbonne in Paris as a traveling
scholar.
