# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
Palo Alto Hospital—William Wuy
land.
Isolation Hospital — Floyd Saint
Clair, measles.
