# Movies
## 
### 
A Friday night film series has
been planned for the summer
quarter by the Flick, a student
organization that presents films
throughout the year.
Hiroshima, Mon Amour will
be presented tonight in Cubber
lev Auditorium at 7:45 and 9:30.
The series will continue on sub
sequent Friday evenings with
such films as "Shop on Main
Street," "Rebel Without a
Cause," "and Forbidden Games."
Admission is $1 and $1.50.
Tickets are available at the Tres
idder Union and Memorial Au
ditorium ticket offices and at
the Free University Store, 1061
El Camino Real, Menlo Park.
Series tickets are priced at $3
and $4 for seven programs.
