# Stanford Debaters Meet California November 10
## 
### 
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
Stanford debaters will meet the Uni
versity of California debating team in
a dual debate on November 10, accord
ing to an announcement made today
by Theodore F. Baer, debate manager.
The question will be: "Resolved, That
the democratic ideal is a mistaken
sentiment."
During the winter quarter dual de
bates with the University of Southern
California and Harvard University may
be arranged and in the spring a num
ber of debates with Pacific Coast col
leges.
