# WHITE URGES SALE OF U. S. C. TICKETS
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-U. S.
C. football game, in Los Angeles, go on
sale Tuesday, October 6. If enough
rooters' tickets arc sold the Rally Com
mittee plans to have organized stunts
similar to those used at the Big Game
last year, according to John R. White,
chairman. At least eight hundred tickets
must I>e sold to make this possible.
White requests that ideas for stunts
at the U. S. C. game be turned into him
before next Thursday at the Sigma Chi
house.
Starting next Saturday, Stanford stu
dents arc expected to sit in the rooting
section and beginning with the Occidental
game rooters' hats will be worn. Rooters'
hats will be on sale at Wideman's in the
near future.
