# HAZING AT SYRACUSE
## 
### 
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
Hazing is a thing of the past as far
as Syracuse University is concerned.
Whatever vestige remains of the old
hazing days to be found today are in
cluded in programs of organized rival
ry sponsored by a student governing
body, i.e., the Senior Council at Syra
cuse.
