# Faculty News
## British Doctor to Teach Anaesthesiology Here 
### 
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
Dr. William Mushin. British an
.aesthesiologist, will be at the Stan
ford School of Medicine spring
-quarter as a visiting professor of
i.naesthesiology, announced Dr. Lo
ren R. Chandler, dean of the school,
today.
Dr. Mushin holds the degrees of
Master of Arts, Oxford University;
Master of Science, London Univer
sity; and Bachelor of Medicine,
London University.
