# COFFIN TO SPEAK ON POETRY
## 
### 
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
Dr. Robert P. Tristram Coffin,
eminent American poet, will speak
at 4:15 this afternoon in Cubberley
Hall on the subject "The Substance
That Is Poetry."
