# CHESTER H. ROWELL WILL ADDRESS SCHOOL COMMUNITY LEADERS
## Prominent Public Workers Named as Speakers at Convention 
### 
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
Chester H. Rowell will head the list
of speakers who will address joint ses
sions of the Western School of Com
munity Leadership which will convene
in the second annual meeting at Stan
lord September 18 to 23, inclusive,
announcement by Professor Cottrell of
the Political Science Department
stated this morning. Rowell will speak
on the relation of the press to public
officials.
Other leaders who will take part in
the school are Clyde L. Seavey, City
Manager of Sacramento, who will
sipeak on the city manager plan; C. K.
Dyksta, Secretary of the Los Angeles
City Club, whose subject is "Municipal
Officials and Civic Secretaries"; Dr.
W. B. Dickie, now in charge of the
State Board of Health, who will dis
cuss "The Full Time Health Pro
gram"; Dr. B. M. Rastall, now working
with the San Francisco development
campaign, whose subject will be "De
velopment Programs"; Tom Ingersoll,
Secretary of the Los Angeles Real Es
tate Boai%l, who will speak on "Sub
urban Development"; C. H. Cheney,
city planner of Long Beach, whose
topic will be "City Planning"; and
Mrs. Spunn, now in charge of health
work in Alameda, who will discuss
social welfare work.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, as President of the Amefi
can Medical Association, will speak on
"Public Health."
Indications are that, registration in
the community leadership school will
be very much larger than last Sep
tember, Professor Cottrell slated. The
school is conducted under joint co
operation of the League of California
Municipalities, the California Associa
tion of Commercial Secretaries, the
American City Bureau, and Stanford
University.
