# Corrections
## 
### 
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
Yesterday's Daily article about fraternity
Rush included two major factual errors which
require correction. First, Kappa Alpha will
not be coed next year. Second, it will not
require male residents to pay a $100 national
membership fee. The Daily regrets these errors
and any inconvenience they might have
r>snist>ri
