# SENIOR WOMEN DOWN JUNIORS TO END FIRST ROUND OF CAGE PLAY
## 
### 
'I he senior women's basketball out
fit trounced the junior sextet yester
day afternoon by the score of 41-27.
The contest was not a walk-away in
spite of the score. The teamwork of
both classes was fairly even, and both
had good forwards, but it was strength
of the fourth-year guards, Williams
and Doyle, that held down the junior
score. Captain Marion Holley, '30. and
Captain Thelma Patton, '29, playing
forward positions, stacked up their
usual mass of points. McLaren at cen
ter did a bit of fast work for the
eeniors.
Starting the second half of the in
terclass season, the sophs and the
seniors will play this afternoon. The
sophomore cage team was downed by
the seniors in a contest of the first
half of the season 36-2, but consider
ing the unexpected good showing of
the sophs on Monday against the
freshmen, competition will be keen
today.
