# First Aid
## 
### 
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
Stanford Stadium seats 90,000
people and is the largest
privately owned facility of its
kind on any college campus in
the country. First aid booths
are located on the east ana
west rims of the stadium and
all doctors expecting calls
should leave their seat
locations with the nurses on
duty.
