# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
Does Friday find you
with some promising
plans for the weekend
that involve perhaps
some new outfitting,
but not wanting to
disperse the cash?
The answer, friend, is
R/A's accommodat
ing Super/Charge
plan, whereby you
buy what you need,
when you need it,
and take many
months to pay in
modest installments.
Truly the only way
to buy, as some of our
best-dressed custom
ers have discovered.
ROOS/ATKINS
