# Tennis Team Meets Cal, Crew Goes South
## 
### 
The varsity tennis squad hosts
Cal today on the Stanford Courts
at 1:30, in what could he the
closest match of the year for the
Indians. Also scheduled for today
is the finish of the first Cal
match which was halted hy rain
earlier in the season, with Stan
ford leading 4-2.
While nearly all Stanford var
sity teams play Cal this weekend,
the Indian crew is the lone ex
ception, traveling south for two
races. Today it meets Long Beach
State, San Diego State, and Loy
ola and tomorrow it goes in the
Harbach Cup race, against USC
and UCLA.
After a disappointing, one

length loss to UCLA last week,
the starting crew has now been
revamped. Four men will he row
ing varsity for the first time to
day. This invigoration plus the
return of Pan American rower Ed
Ferry gives the crew a potential
for a clean sweep in southern
California,
