# AVALANCHE OF WATER SWEEPS SCORES TO DEATH
## 
### 

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)

Freight cars and other debris were huried 50 feet deep in mud when a cloudburst loosed a 45-foot high
ill of water in Tehachapi pass recently. A second 11 ood in tlie California range brought added tragedy,
turning more than a score of lives. Upper: a desert road between Mojave and Tehachapi is flooded, and
Dwer) an engine is driven upon huge boulders and blocks of concrete as a culvert is swept away.
(Associated Press photo)
