# GREEK MONARCHISTS QUIT
## 
### 
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
ATHENS, Oct. 4 (.4 s ).—P. E. Tsal
daris, leader of the Grecian Mon
archist party, informed President
Zaimis today his party would recog
nize the republic unconditionally. A
demand that the Royalists announce
their allegiance was made after the
recent elections by Premier Veni
zelos.
