# J. S. Huxley To Deliver Biology Lecture Series
## 
### 
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
Presenting to Stanford audiences
the eleventh series of the West Me
morial Lectures, Julian S. Huxley,
world-famed biologist, will lecture
in the Assembly Hall on the eve
nings of October 11, 12, and 13 on
the general subject of "Biology and
Human Nature."
The titles of Huxley's addresses
are: "Human Nature: Statics," Oc
tober 11; "Human Nature: Dynam
ics," October 12; and "The Unique
ness of Man," October 13.
