# Soph Aces Join Water-Poloists
## 
### 
Coach Nort Thornton is losing no
time in building a water polo team
that will be able to avenge last
year's defeat by Southern California
at the minor sports carnival in Los
Angeles.
Although the next carnival at
Berkeley does not take place until
next April, the varsity water polo
squad has had two scrimmages in
addition to the work on ball han
dling, dribbling, and other funda
mentals.
Yesterday's workout brought out
the fact that three members of last
year's fast freshman team v/ill be
making strong bids for varsity posi
tions. They are. Jimmy Triolo, Jim
Bcnet, and Vlad Taranik and they
were all used on the first team yes
terday.
Others who played first string
yesterday were Ted Wiget at for
ward, with Benet and Triolo, Don
Kinkead and. 1 Gordon Graves with
Taranik at guard and Leo Cook,
goal.
Captain Budke Knapp played goal
for the second team, but splashed
around with all the vim and vigor
that made him all-coast goalkeeper
last year. He was used on the sec
ond team to bolster its defense and
make it harder for the first team to
score.
The first team proved so strong
that no members of the second team
had a chance to show much except
in defense. However, Pearce Mc-
Dowell at guard and Art Simons at
forward seemed to be the strongest.
Other players used were Sid
Mitchell and George Smith, for
wards, Bunny Fry, and Merrill Col
lett, guards.
