# Card Starters Tonight
## 
### 

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.

THE STARTING LINEUP for Stanford this weekend is pictured with Card Coach Howie Dallmar. Tribe
starters are: kneeling, Bob Sommers, Tom Dose and Darrell Sutherland; and standing, Hollis Moore,
Dallmar, and Don Clemetson. The Indians host highly regarded Oregon State in a pair of games to
be played in the Pavilion.
