# Ray Kosanke Bows in Frosh Weekend Tilts
## 
### MARSHALL COOK 
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
Ray Kosanke’s long anticipated
college debut will finally take
place Friday. Kosanke will join
his Stanford teammates when the
freshmen take on the University
of San Francisco Friday and the
University of Santa Clara Satur
day. The games are both 6:10
preliminaries to the varsity con
tests against Oregon State in the
pavilion.
Kosanke missed the team's first
two games, plus a good deal of
preseason practice, when a knee
operation sent him to the hos
pital. The knee mended in time
for the Cal game Tuesday, but
flu forced Ray to miss that game
also.
Kosanke is expected to lift
some of the scoring and rebound
ing from rangy Bob Bedell, a
6’3’' forward who poured through
27 points Tuesday in Stanford’s
61-50 loss to Cal.
With Kosanke in the lineup,
the Tribe should give USF and
Santa Clara tough battles this
weekend.
