# Rugged Business
## 
### 

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.

Indian ruggers grovel for the
ball in recent action on the
Stanford Rugby Field. Coach
Pete Kmetovic's rugby squad,
now 3-1-2, hosts USC at 1:30
Saturday. The JV squad meets
the Palo Alto Rugby Club at
3:00 p.m.
