# Freshmen Will Elect Hall Officers Thursday
## 
### 
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
Elections for Encina Hall officers
will be held Thursday, announced
Dick Hughes, head sponsor.
Nomination blanks for the offices
of president, vice-president, three
council members, and social chair
man have to be handed in to the
Encinn office by tomorrow afternoon
at 5.
