# String Quartet Presents First Concert With Vocalist Tonight
## 
### 
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
The San Francisco String Quartet,
opening its Kith season of concerts
tonight at the Marines Memorial
Theater, will break precedent by
presenting for the first time a vo
calist as guest artist with the cham
ber music group.
James Schwabacher, tenor, will
appear with the quartet in two
works, "The Faithful Shepherd," by
Jean Philippe Rameau, and"The
Merciless Beauty," by Ralph Vaughn
Williams.
The concert will open with the
second quartet of Arthur Honegger,
and the string quartet of Cesar
Franck will be the last work on
the program.
Series tickets f6r the five string
quartet concerts this season are
priced at $5.40, $7.20, and $8.40.
Single tickets arc $1.20, $1.80, and
1 $2.40, and may be purchased at the
' City of Paris Box Otticc.
