# MANAGERS NEEDED
## 
### 
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
Freshmen and sophomores are
needed as track managers. Physi
cal education credit is given.
Please contact Jack Weiearshaii
ser in the SAC.
