# RUGBY NOTICE
## 
### 
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
Rugby equipment will be issued
today and tomorrow in the gym
si ore.
