# Registrar Has New Duty.
## 
### 
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
A new duty ha" been added to those of
the Rppistrnr. From now on he is to
not in an advisory cappcity in all mat
ters that do not regularly come under
the surveillance of a student's major
professor.
