# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
iMacy*s
/pTIMEx\
j| FACTORY j|
|| SERVICE ijj
Authorized for repairs under
guarantee, small charge for
out-of-warranty service.
Genuine Timex electric watch
energy cells are available.
Watch and Jewelry repair,
first floor, Macy's, Stanford
{
