# INSIDE
## 
### 
Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

Bulldogs
Mario Carruth and women's
tennis smash Fresno State,
9-0.
See Sports, page 8

Hounded
Kurdish rebels continue to
fight Saddam Hussein's
forces in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Millie
won't be here, but Barbara
Bush will for the Children's
Hospital opening.
See News, back page

