# Junior Ex-Council Plans Cal Dinner
## 
### 
Possibility of a joint dinner be
tween University of California and
Stanford University juniors to pre
cede a Cal-Stanford basketball game
next quarter will be discussed to
night by the Junior Executive Coun
cil at 7:30 in Room ?14.
Dave Ryus, junior class president,
is anxious to have a full attendance
at the meeting in order to secure a
broad view of the matters discussed.
Members of the Council are: Dave
Stephenson, Howard Naquin, John
Shallenberger, Jack Laney, Don
Grossman, Ann Martineau, George
Chalmers, Art Christiansen, Jean
nette Hill, Thad McCarty, Phil Halla,
Hershey Julien, Phil Olsen, Elliot
Hillback, Deane Johnson, Eleanor
Hatch, Barbara Day, Henry Mooy,
Sanford Putls, Sid Rasmussen, Vir
ginia Clausen, Burnice Steward,
Paula George, Ann Corn well, Gret
chen Ahlswede, Mary Morris Boggs,
Jay Thorp, Lee Orr, and Jean Foxe.
