# EXTRA TOMORROW
## 
### 
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
Results of sorority pledging will
be released in a special Daily
pledge extra tomorrow night.
