# Band Dance Scheduled For Next Friday Night
## 
### 
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
Campus activities will be officially
opened Friday night when the Uni
versity band entertains members of
the student body in the first informal
dance of ihe quarter, at the Encina
gymnasium.
Tickets will be placed on sale today
in the Rookstore at $1 each, and pro
grams will be ready on Thursday. Ar
rangements have been made for the
customary eighteen dances. The first
dance is to begin promptly at 9.
