# KZSU Newscasts Win Second Place
## 
### 
KZSU has won second prize for
the best newscasts among college
radio stations, it was announced
yesterday by Jim Eaves, station
manager.
Stanford's station will receive a
prize of a Gates transcription play
er or its equivalent for attaining the
runner-up position in a nation-wide
contcst sponsored by Lucky Strike
Cigarettes and the Eastern States
Radio Corporation among 52 college
stations.
Placcs were determined from
recordings of three newscasts sub
mitted by each station, with points
being awarded for each newscast
and the total of the three deter
mining the winner.
Performing for KZSU on the
newscasts entered were Merrill
Johnson, Jim Eaves, and John Don
ovan.
