# Ten Years Ago Today
## 
### 
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
Oil account of the death of Mrs.
Stanford the regular Founders' Day
exercises will he' omitted. Instead
there wMll he two musical services of
a memorial character under the direc
tion of Dr. Mlodffctt. In the forenoon
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Savannah, a well
known violinist, of San Francisco, and
Miss f'earl Cooper, contralto soloist,
w 11 render some special numbers. In
the afternoon the full choir will give
selections from some of the most fa
mous oratorios.
