# Correction
## 
### 
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
Tryouts for AWS commit Ice
members will be held Oct. (j in
Room 10 of Ihe Women's club
house instead of on Sept. 30 as
previously announced in The
Daily.
