# Navy Raises Limit
## 
### 
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
M. L. Blade, U.S. Navy, an
nounced that the maximum age
limit for enlistment in the U.S.
Naval Reserve has been extended
lo 26 Previously, only men be
tween the ages of 17 and 18Va
were eligible.
