# Chem Research Expanded
## 
### 
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
November has been announced
as groundbreaking month for the
John Stauffer Chemistry Build
ing, a $600,000 structure which
will house some of the world's
most advanced molecular studies
tools.
The building, named for the
late .Jolui Stauffer, founder in
1895 of the Stauffer Chemical
Company, will also house the or
ganic chemistry research pro
gram of Professors William S.
Johnson and Carl Djerassi.
Considered two of the nation's
leading men in steroids, antibi
otics, and other natural products,
tlK' two scientists will join the
Stanford faculty next year.
Outstanding Scientists
Dr. Johnson, currently at the
University of Wisconsin, will be
in charge of the Department of
Chemistry and Chemical Engi
neering. He is noted for synthe
sis of various sex and adreno
cortical hormones which regulate
body mechanisms and which are
related to arthritis, heart trouble
and cancer.
Dr. Djerassi of Wayne State
University took part in synthe
sizing cortisone and is co-inventor
of the anti-histamine pyribenza
mine. He has also isolated and
identified various antibiotics,
two of which are in use in medi
cine.
Sterling Enthused
President Wallace Sterling is
enthused over the new project.
"The building will provide a su
perb new facility for Drs. John
son and Djerassi to push ahead
with their research in the ster
oids. which are so closely related
lo Ihe treatment of cancer, coro
nary occlusion, and other, dis
eases."
"The possibilities of close tie
ins between our new Medical
Center and the work in basic sci
ence in this new laboratory arc
tremendously exciting," Sterling
added.
The building, which might be
completed by September of next
year, will provide 20,000 feet of
floor space. Laboratory and of
fice space for organic chemistry
will be housed on two floors. A
full basement with outside light
wells will be finished at a later
date for research in physical
chemistry.

Dr. Djcrassi will occupy the
first floor and Dr. Johnson the
second. They will have office
space with individual laboratories
and five- to ten-man laboratories
for the more than 40 researchers
working under their direction.
The architecture, being planned
by Birge M Clark of Palo Alto,
will include mosaic panels which
will run full length under the
spacious window areas on both
sides of the rectangular building.
Horizontal sun louvers will be
fixed on the south side and a
glass-enclosed arcade will connect
it with the existing organic chem
istry building built in 1949.
Special Gadgets
An array of special analytical
devices will also be stationed
there. Among them will be one
developed by Dr. Djerassi, a j
spectro-polarimeter for detecting j
the shape and configuration of j
organic molecules.
An electron spin resonance
spectrometer and a mass spec
trograph will enable study of

molecular structures and a vapor
phase chromatograph will be uti
lized for stringent tests of the
purity of chemical compounds.
Future plans call for two ad
joining buildings to match the
Stauffer laboratory, one for phys
ical chemistry and one for chemi
cal engineering. They would be
separated by wide garden courts
but connected across the front by
the characteristic arcade, extend
ing along the arcade which will
join the present organic building
with the Stauffer structure.


JOHN STAUFFER CHEMISTRY BUILDING
Ground Breaking for Research Facilities to Begin in November
