# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
WEDNESDAY
WOMAN'S INTERCLASS TENNIS
TOURNAMENT has to be pfcyed off
by Saturday, May 30. Sign up in
Roble gymnasium.
PHI LAMBDA UPSILON will meet to
night in the Old Union at 7:15.
THURSDAY
FRENCH CLUB will meet at 7:30 on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
IMPORTANT JOINT MEETING of the
junior and sophomore classes in the
Little Theatre at 12:45. Discussion
of proposed Quad amendment.
