# HARD TO BEAT 'EM
## 
### 
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
It's seldom you find so tempting a
combination as the brown waffle and
double malt offered at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre.—Adv.
