# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Marilyn Marshall,
59, to James Bodenheimer, School
of Business, '59.
