# Tryouts
## 
### 
I'RE-REG
Tryouts for Pre â€¢ Registration
Committee will be hold Saturday
through Wednesday. Committee
chairman Mike Immell stated that
37 positions are open and fresh
man applicants as well as upper
classmen are welcome.
Saturday tryouts are from 10 to
12 a.m.: Monday, 3:30 ."5:30 and
8-10 p.m.; Tuesday, 1 6 p.m., and
Wednesday, 3:30-5:30 and 7-10
p.m. The interviews will be held
in the Historical lloom, Bowman
Alumni House.
BI-OTTKR
Tuesday and Wednesday the
ASSU committee will be inter-

viewing applicants for manage- j
ment of the Stanford Blotter next
year. Students should apply in
pairs. Tuesday the interviews
will be in the ASSU Excom room
from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. and Wed
nesday in the ASSU president's
office from 3 to 5:30 p.m.
