# YWCA Tea at 3
## 
### 
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
The advisory board of the Stan
ford YWCA will be hostesses at a
silver tea tomorrow afternoon, 3-
5, in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Marsha Shields, presi
dent of the student cabinet, and
Miriam Brattain, executive direc
tor, will present a short program
at 4:15.
