# Roble Open House
## 
### 
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
Roble will hold an open house
Sunday from 2 to 4:30 p.m. Ev
eryone is invited and refresh
ments will be served, according
to Garnie Harrington, Roble.
