# Nanney Will Play Afternoon Recital
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will present an organ
recital' Sunday at 4 p.m. in Stan
ford Memorial Church.
The program will consist of
"Canzona," by Gabrieli; two Cho
ral Preludes by Baxtehude; "The
Prelude and Fugue in E flat ma
jor" and "Toccata" in F major,
both bj r Bach: "Allegretto," by
Haydn; "Chorale in B minor" by
Franck; and "Sonata No. .3" by
Hindemith.
