# '56 Notices
## 
### 
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
Graduating seniors desiring an
nouncements and programs may
secure them by placing an order
at the Bookstore immediately.
Announcements will sell at 15
cents each and the white leather
bound programs are $1.50. Both
announcements and programs
must be paid for at the time of
ordering.
The programs will include a
listing of the graduating class,
with the degree each student is
receiving. They will also include
honors and scholarships.
