# Adv. 21 Page 7
## 
### 
HELP
Great Jobs!
Flexable Hours
Full/Part-time
Computer Attic, one of the
largest computer dealers in
the Bay Area, is opening a
new, 25,000 s.f. Redwood
City Super Center in Nov.
1991 and we need qualified
& enthusiastic people to
join our winning team.
Sales Consultants
I"his non-commissioned
position requires in-depth
knowledge of PC/Mac com
puters & software. Assist
retail customers in one of
the largest computer stores
in the Bay Area. You must
show enthusiasm for help
ing our customers.
Cashiers
This is a great entry level
position into the computer
industry. We'll teach you
computer basics and you'll
be part of the sales team
Purchasers
l"his position demands ex
perience & expertise with
computer products and the
distribution channel. You'll
be in charge of buying &
product selection
Service Technicians
We need certified techs for
one of the largest service
centers in the Bay Area
Mac/PC exp. req'd.
If you're qualified, send/fax
resume or stop by for an
application packet today.
Computer Attic
Attn: Personnel
394 University Ave.
Palo Alto, CA 94301
FAX (415) 322-5356
COMPUTE It AmCS
