# LEADING NET SIMS PLAY HERE THURSDAY
## 
### 
An exhibition match between four
of the leading net stars of the United
States will open the new varsity ten
nis courts Thursday afternoon. Wil
liam Johnston, former national cham
pion and member of the United States
Davis Cup team, will be one of the
players while Clarence "Peck" Grif
fin, and the Kinsey brothers complete
the quartet. The dedication matches
were originally scheduled for last
Thursday, but were postponed on ac
count of rain.
The tourney Thursday will probably
consist of one doubles match and two
or three singles bouts. With the Kin
sey brothers' team rating as one of
the best doubles teams nationally, the
match between them and the team of
Griffin and Johnston, promises to dis
play some of the fastest tennis ever
exhibited on a Cardinal court. The
Kinsey brothers won the right to rep
resent the Pacific Coast in the nation
al doubles tourney in the East last
summer and from their showing, were
rated well up among the first ten
teams. Griffin and Johnston have
played together before, being two of
the strongest players on the coast.
The singles matches are also doped
to provide some thrills. Johnston is
conceded to have the hardest drive of
any player in the game today, and in
his match with Griffin the Stanford
racquet fans will witness one of the
best brands of tennis played. Griffin
rates high in the tennis world and in
addition to having been national doub
les champion twice, has won several
coast and state titles. The second
singles match will be played by the
Kinsey brothers.
