# M. Jusserand Will Select Joffre Topic
## French Electorate System Stimulates Interest in April Contest 
### 
M. Jusserand, the present French am
bassador to the United States, will prob
ably he asked, Coach M. L. McClintock
announced today, to name the specific
question for the big Joffre forensic con
test with the University of California
in April. This action will be a continu
ation of the policy inaugurated last year
by the debating coach when Professor
O'Neil of the University of Wisconsin
decided the topic which was placed be
fore the debaters two hours prior to the
contest. In the event the French ambas
sador is unable to pick the subject for
discussion, it is ccrtain that one of the
foremost of the national authorities o*
France, possibly a professor from a*
Eastern university, will choose the deti
nite question.
Representatives of the French govern
ment in this country are showing a keen
interest in the forensic battle, as the
Jnffre debate, because of its unique na
