# COMMUTERS TO DISCUSS STANDARDIZED DRESS
## 
### 
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
"Standardised Dress for Women," is
the topic to be discussed by the Com
muter's discussion group, which will
meet Wednesday noon in the Women's
Club House. The discussion this week
is to be directed by Mrs. P. J. Tat
lock. All commuters who wish to join
the group are asked to sign up on the
list posted in the rest room of the
English Building.
Two separate gioups meet in Roble
Hall each week to discuss the present
Presidential Campaign. One group, in
charge of Professor C. A. Huston,
meets each Tuesday afternoon at 5.
The other group, under Professor E.
A. Cottrell, meets every Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock,
conducted under the auspices of the
local Y. W. C. A. Anyone interested
These discussion groups are being
in the subjer i:, under discussion are
invited to attend the meeting of any
of the groups. The committee in
charge invites suggestions for topics
to be discussed. Anyone wishing
further information regarding the
groups should communicate with Miss
Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. Secretary, or
with Miss Mary Sprott, '20.
