# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although many of the leading Stu
dent Body offices will not be con
tested at the coming election there
are several positions for which there
promises to be spirited competition.
We believe that keen rivalry for the
positions of honor in the Student
Body should be encouraged, because
by his means the best men are
brought out. However, it is well to
remind the adherents of various can
didates that there are certain well
established customs in regard to col
lege politics at Stanford. The meth
ods of electioneering in the outside
world do not apply to our conditions
here. There is a vast difference be
tween good-natured rivalry for a po
sition, and a bitter fight in which
personalities enter too strongly. Ev
ery student should be seriously in
terested in the selection of the men
who will represent the Student Body
in the positions of influence, and
this interest should be shown in the
right way. As our elections here in
the past have seldom been subject
to any criticism we feel these good
precedents should be carefuly follow
ed this year.
