# Adv. 38 Page 14
## 
### 
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
IGNORE
H 6H BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UR
By itfnorinß the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hapix-ns,
your number could be up lor
fs'ood. To learn more, contact
your nearest American I lean
Association.
You can help prevent heart
disease and stroke We ran tell
you how.
American Heart
Association
