# Scientists score hit on deadly disease
## 
### Gordon Stephenson 
A research team at the Medical
Center can now predict with
nearly perfect accuracy a per
son's chances of developing
insulin-dependent diabetes, a
step toward the prevention of the
disease that afflicts one million
people in the United States
alone.
The group has identified a
molecule in humans that plays a
major role in determining an indi
vidual's likelihood of developing
Type-1 diabetes.
The identification of the
molecule does not mean, how
ever, that the new information
can be acted on to prevent the
disease. "It will probably be on
the order of five to 10 years
before some type of drug will be
developed which can block the
activity of the molecule," said
Laura Hofstadter, a press repre
sentative for the Medical Center.
The molecule, which is found
on the surface of some white
blood cells in the body, normally
aids in controlling the body's
immune responses.
That an actual cure is not im
minent does not lessen the im
portance of the finding, research
ers said. "The really exciting
thing is that we now have a target
at which to direct our efforts in
developing a strategy for preven
tion," said Dr. John Todd, a
postdoctoral fellow who is one of
three researchers on the team.
The breakthrough may provide
new insight on why there is an in
herited tendency to develop
diabetes.
These genes and the molecules
they encode differ from person to
person, and they are involved in
the immune response of an indi
vidual.
If a person inherits one partic
ular form of the HLA-DQ
molecule, he or she will be resis
tant to diabetes. Three other
types of the molecule, however,
will predispose an individual to
the disease.
Todd says the team will now
