# Tuesday Series Renamed
## 
### 
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
Stanford University's Tuesday
Evening Series presentations
will be renamed "The Univer
sity Lecture Series" and offered
on a variable schedule next year,
the Committee on Public Ex
ercises announced today.
Lecturers will be major fig
ures "who would appeal to a
wider audience," the committee
noted.
"Diverging from a rigorous
weekly schedule of more than 37
lectures a year will allow us to
percent 15 or 20 speakers of
wider student and community
interest," said David C. Weber,
associate director of University
libraries and chairman of the
Committee on Public Exercises.
University departments,
schools and student groups will
continue to sponsor speakers in

the more specialized fields, as
they have done increasingly dur
ing the past few years, the com
mittee noted.
The original Tuesday Evening
Series was established with the
University in 1891 by Stanford's
first president, Dr. David Starr
Jordan, as a public service to
both students and community. It
has been offered almost con
tinuously since that time.
