# MRS. COVERLY RESIGNS
## 
### 
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, who for
several years has been executive as
sistant in the Student Appointment
Service, resigned this week. She
has been succeeded by Miss Adelaide
Dingley Palmer, her former assist
ant.
