# Civil Engineering Society.
## 
### 
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
The California Civil Engineering
Society has invited the Stanford
committee of civil engineers to at
tend the banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco
ton next Friday evening. The Stan
ford committee will discuss the
basis of organization with the so
ciety at California, and next Tues
day evening will render a report
before the civil engineering majors
here. Steps will then be taken
toward definite organization, if the
report is favorable.
