# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
The determination of the Hoard
of Trustees to hold a personal con
ference with the committee of En
cina men appointed at the time of
the recent disturbance in the
dormitory, will he heartily com
mended by all those who are in
terested in the establishment of
more cordial relations between the
students and the powers that he.
Strained relations between the
undergraduates and the governing
bodies of the IJDiversity are to be
deplored, but in the past such con
ditions were to be expected, as the
faculty maintained a position of
aloofness, which was not conducive
to mutual confidence. That the
recent trouble has paved the way
for a better understanding cannot
be denied by those who have fol
lowed recent discussions, and it is
to he hoped that the final outcome
of the difficulties will result in a
large measure of student control.
