# Gifts to the State University.
## 
### 
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
The University of California has
received from Mrs. Hearst ii collec
tion of archaeological and anthropo
logical materials valued at $400,-
000, and $60,000 for the depart
ment of anthropology. Dr. Morris
Herzetein has donated- a tract of
land on the seashore between Pa
cific Grove and Nhw Monterey to
the State University for the estab
lishment of a physiological labora
tory.
