# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
—Professor Kellogg is spending
this week in Santa Rosa, studying
the methods used by Luther Bur
bank in plant evolution.
