# Alvin Seale Successful.
## 
### 
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
Alvin Seale, '05, who recently
went to Hawaii to carry out the
government's plans in regard to the
extermination of the mosquitoes*,
has reported that his efforts liave
been successful so far. Seale, im
mediatelv after leaving Stanford,
went to Galveston, Texas, where he
collected 450 top minnows, the
small fish which destroy the larvae
of the mosquitoes. These were
placed in large caps and transport
ed direct to Honolulu, only 26 fish
being lost on the trip. This loss
was surprisingly small, as the min
nows are very delicate.
Upon their arrrival in Hawaii the
fish were planted by Mr. Seale in
numerous pools, and immediately
began eating the mosquito larvae.
The top minnows increase very
rapidly, and the success of the un
dertaking is practically assured.
