# New Law Librarian Appointed.
## 
### 
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
Owing to the retirement of 0.
Gibbons, '05, from his position as
one of the librarians in the Law
library, G. I). Boalt, '03, has been
appointed to fill the vacancy. Boalt
is a post-graduate in the Law de
partment, and is now studying for
tiis L.L. B.
