# Thursday's Organ Program.
## 
### 
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
Overture: Paulus Mendelssohn
Andante from Pastoral Sonata. .
Beethoven
Prayer from ''Freischuetz" Over
ture Weber
Aria: "Come Unto Him" (Mes
siah) Handel
