# Syrian Manuscripts for Princeton.
## 
### 
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
The library of Princeton Univer
sity 1)jir been presented with Pro

fessor I). Wilson's collection of
Syrian manuscripts, probably the
best in this country. The collec
tion was made in 1886 by the late
Dr. John H. Shedd of Urania, Per
sia. Professor Wilson bore the ex
pense of collecting and later of
copying the manuscripts.
