# Decision on Taxing Fraternities.
## 
### 
The Daily lowan prints the fol
lowing article on fraternity taxa
tion :
An interesting law case was re
cently decided between the asses
sors of Clinton, N. Y., and one of
the Hamilton College fraternities
regarding the taxation of the hit
ter's chapter house. .Judge Scrip
ture of Ihe circuit court held that
fraternity property was free from
taxation under the old statute
"That charitable organizations, or
organizations with charitable in
tent and purpose," such as
Y. M. C. A. organizations, were ex
empt. Fraternities being con
structively charitable, their prop
erty should not be taxed. The full
statement of the case will appear
shortly in the advance sheets of No.
168, New York reports.
