# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little .. .
CAFETERIA
. . . Willson's
429 University Avenue
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
