# FROSH DEBATERS MEET
## 
### 
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
Bob Hartman, frosh debate man
ager, announces that there will be
a meeting of all freshman debaters
in Room 200-C at 7:30 o'clock to
night.
