# Wake-Me-Up For Lectures Developed
## 
### 
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
It isn't the professor but your
own ccntral nervous system that
puts you to sleep in class.
And to guarantee alertness, Drs.
Myron Prinzmetal of Los Angeles
and Wilfred Bloomberg of Boston
have developed a sleep-banishing
drug, benzedrine, declared to be
three times more effective than
any generally used sleep pre
venter.
Benzedrine completely relieved
seven students affected with
chronic sleepiness, according to a
report in the Journal of the Amer
ican Medical Association. Three
of the students tested suffered
from momentary generalized
weakness whenever they laughed.
One girl had to give up college
because she couldn't avoid sleep
ing in classes. Another subject
bad six sleep attacks per day be
cause of football injuries.
