# BOXERS OPEN SLATE
## 
### 
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
Stanford boxers will open thr'r
season of bouts against the Cal Ag
gies at Davis Thursday. Coach My
ron Schall will announce the team
which will make the trip tonight.
