# Demo Shop for Kennedy Open
## 
### 
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
Citizens for Kennedy headquar-1
tors opens tonight at 7:30 p.m.
with TV sets readied for the Ken
nedy-Nixon debate. Coffee will
be served during and after the j
televised debate to all who stop j
by at 161 University Avenue. All
citizens for Kennedy are wel- j
conic, whether Republican. Inde
pendent or Democrat, whether
registered voters or student vol
unteers.
Signup sheets will be posted for
office staff, telephone and mail
ing help, precinct workers, baby
sitters for election day, and mem
bership and donation crews.
Students who desire to assist
in the campaign can also leave
their name by calling the head
quarters staff at DA 1-8896 and
DA. 1-8696.
The organization is designed to
attract votes for Kennedy from
registered Republicans who feel
they cannot vote for Nixon and |
registered Independents who say i
now that they may not vote at
all.
It is the opinion of Chairman
Chan Flickinger, recent Stanford
Law School graduate, that the
work of the many Citizens for
Kennedy organizations may well
decide this election. Flickin- J
ger was appointed to set up the |
Mid-Peninsula headquarters here j
by Admiral John Harlee in San j
Francisco, who is Chairman of |
the Northern California region.
