# Long Awaited New Civ Libe Greets Frosh
## 
### 
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
Freshmen will study for west
ern civilization classes in new
surroundings.
A $39,000 renovation has trans
formed the old University book
store into the new western civil
ization library, containing two
reading rooms, office area and
staff room.
Main reading area seating 200
students and a special section re
served for students in the inde
pendent study plan are furnished
with new chairs and tables.
Fluorescent lighting, modern
heating, now linoleum and pastel
colors brighten the atmosphere.
