# Adv. 17 Page 9
## 
### 
11/15 $1950.00 851-3322
Professional Cleaning Services -
Long time Bay Area resident who
provides professional home and
office cleaning services. Very
reliable and quality oriented.
References available from
Stanford alumni. Please call
Soledad Amaya 650.520.3271
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessproseC" hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Handyman - John 650.740.0630
PROFESSIONAL EDITOR
WRITER, Ph.l) Academic oi cre
ative. Edited 100+ books for UC
Press, Stanford, Oxford, etc.
(650) 233-9333.
NON HORMONAL BIRTH CON
TROL STUDY
*Research opportunity in a new
study of a vaginal gel designed
to prevent pregnancy
*Up to $575 in cash & gift cards
*Must be in a committed
relationship *For more info:
800-300-5767 www.testmethods.org
Free birth control information
and condoms available
