# SUMMER WAR WORK PLEDGES DUE TODAY
## 
### 
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
Pledge cards for summer war work,
Riven out a week ago to all Stanford
women, must be returned today to the
committee in charge. Results will be
tabulated and reported in the Daily
Palo Alto this week.
At the last meeting of the general
committee it was decided that the
chairmen of the various committees
under its supervision are to meet at
4:15 every Thursday afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club House.
These chairmen make up the member
ship of the general board. Their at
tendance at the meetings is required.
In case of unexcused absence the
chairmanship will be forfeited.
An open meeting was lielcl this
afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Little
Theater for the purpose of clearing
up many points in regard to the
women's agricultural unit not under
stood.
