# UNIVERSITY CHORUS
## 
### 
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
There will be a regular rehearsal
of the University Chorus at 10 a.m.
today.
