# Steinbeckers Plan Labor Camp Trip
## 
### 
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
A visit to the Westley Federal
migratory labor camp 14 miles south
of Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley
is planned by Stanford's Steinbeck
Committee for next Sunday, accord
ing to Stan Fidanque, chairman of
the trip committee.
Cars will leave Union Corner at
10 o'clock, to be gone all day. Stu
dents interested in going may sign
up in the A.S.S.U. office by noon
today.
