# FASTEST TIME TRIAL
## 
### 
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 20 (UP).
—Technician, rated one of the favo
rites for the Kentucky Derby, turn
ed in the fastest trial of any Derby
eligible yesterday ,breezing a mile
at Churchill Downs in 1:43 2-5.
