# Chappie Appoints New Photo Editor
## 
### 
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
The Chaparral has appointed John
Gordon to be the new photo editor
for the humor magazine. Gordon, a
graduate student in counseling and
guidance in the Education Depart
ment, has been elected to the Ham
mer and Coffin Society in accord
ance with his new appointment.
The next issue of the Chaparral
will go on sale Dec. 2, on the four
corners of Quad and in front of the
Post Office and Cellar. It will in
clude a section on Christmas Holi
day Drinks, Letters to Santa, and
Fables on the Farm, plus other fea
tures. The Old Boy promises that
there will be-enough of the Christ
mas issues for all.
