# H&S Unit Studies SES
## 
### 
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
Profs. Nathan Maccoby, com
munication, and Robert M.
Brown, religion, have been named
chairman and vice-chairman of the
new humanities and sciences fac
ulty committee to examine rec
ommendations of the Study of
Education at Stanford (SFS).
Twenty-five other faculty
members have been selected to
evaluate the SES reports by the
Steering Committee of the
Humanities and Sciences Assem
bly, according to Prof. Gavin
Langmuir, committee chairman.
Under the terms of a resolution
adopted last month, the commit
tee will report salient issues from
the SES to the Assembly for dis
cussion by the faculty. Committee
members are:
Maj. Leon Heinle (aerospace),
ROTC; Profs. Roy Andrade, an
thropology; Arthur Bienenstock,
applied physics; Gerald Acker
mann, art and architecture; David
Nivison, Asian languages; Paul R.
Ehrlich, biological sciences; Wm.
Bonner, chemistry; Ronald
Mellor, classics;
George Forsythe, computer sci
ence; Paul David, economics;
Charles N. Fifer, English; Ray
mond Giraud, French and Italian;
F. W. Strothmann, German; Bar
ton Bernstein, history; Halsey
Royden, mathematics; Leonard
Ratner, music; Patrick Suppes,
philosophy; Mason Yearian, phys
ics.
Raymond Wolfinger, political
science; Albert Bandura, psychol
ogy; Robert Whittaker, Slavic;
John Meyer, sociology; Gustavo
Alfaro, Spanish; Helen Schrader,
speech and drama; and David Sieg
mund, statistics.
