# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
Now comes the welcome news that certain instructors in charge of
afternoon classes are dismissing them on Monday in order that the
students may attend "Twelfth Night." We thank them for this thought
fulness, and for the educational and cultural opportunity they are giv
ing their students; and we do not deny that in our thanks there lies a
poorly concealed hint to such instructors as have not already adopted
this policy.
