# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
Judge W.A. Beasley, of the Superior
Court of San .Tose, will give an
address before the class in California
Practice on Tuesday, April 14. His
subject, "California Practice," is one
on which he is well qualified to
speak, as he has had a large exper
ience in the practice of the law of
the state. An invitation is extended
to all law students to hear this talk.
