# DISTINCTIVE EMBLEMS.
## Gold Footballs to Be Given to Members and Management of Team. 
### 
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
At the recent meeting of the Ath
letic Comittee it was proposed to
give the members of this year's
football team some distinctive em
blem in addition to the regulation
Varsity "S." As the Athletic Com
mittee did not have the power to
purchase the proposed insignia, the
whole matter, with a resolution fav
oring the project, was referred to
the Executive Committee. At the
regular meeting of this committee
held last night the proposal was
fully discussed, and official sanc
tion was given the plan.
The emblem will be in the form
of a gold football, and made so it
can be worn as a watch-fob. On it
will be inscribed the date of the
giime, the score, the name of the
player, and his position on the
team.
The plan inaugurated by the
Executive Committee at the meet
ing last night is not anlinnovation,
as the custom has been in vogue
among the big eastern universities
for many years; and, while the em
blem has not been the same, the
University of California is accus
tomed to reward members of win
ning teams.
The gold football will be given to
the following players and officials
of the team: G. H. Clark, '05, W.
K. Sprott, '06, R. A. Thompson,'os,
C. E. Hyde, '05, W. K. Roosevelt,
'05, H. Shields, '05. R. F. West,'o7,
W. H. Dole, '05, A. J. Chalmers,
'07, M. J. Weller, '07, L. P. Bans
bach, '05, E. P. Stott, '07, H. G.
Butterfield, '05, Coach J. F. Lana
gan, '00, Assistant Coach C. D.
Hauverman, ex-'O4, Trainer E. W.
Moulton, Treasurer R. W. Barrett,
'04.
