# Football Notes.
## 
### 
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
The football management has
announced that no arrangements

for the selection of a football coach
for next year will he made before
the opening of the second semester.
It is certain, however, that J. F.
Lanagan, '00, lias received an offer
to coach the football squad again
next year, but he has not signified
definitely his intentions in regard
to the position.
Since the game against the Uni
versity of Colorado at Denver
on Thanksgiving Day, Manager
Barrett has been deluged with of
fers of games with the Varsity from
college and club teams throughout
the State. The offers have come
principally from Southern Califor
nia, where the University of South
ern California desires a game with
Stanford Christmas, while the
Sherman Indians have signified a
desire to meet the Cardinal team
on New Year's Day. The Iroquois
Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
also asked for a game sometime
during the holiday vacation. Al
though the terms offered by the
challenging teams are exceedingly
generous, it will be impossible to
consider any of the proposed games,
as the Varsity is now disorganized.
