# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In all the political struggles of liis
day and generation Governor Stanford
stooi separate and apart from his fel
lows. lie was always felt to be politi
cally invincible, and fur reasons abso
lutely disserved from his enormous
wealth. The tremendous fortune ac
quired by Senator Stanford lias been
dedicated to noble purposes that will
make bis name green forever. —Los
Amreles Herald.
In all the political struggles of liis
day and generation Governor Stanford
stooi separate and apart from his fel
lows. lie was always felt to be politi
cally invincible, and fur reasons abso
lutely disserved from his enormous
wealth. The tremendous fortune ac
quired by Senator Stanford lias been
dedicated to noble purposes that will
make bis name green forever. —Los
Amreles Herald.
