# INSIDE
## 
### 
The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

The Natural
Card nine win first against
Arizona State, darkness
prevails in second.
See Sports, page 7

Out of Africa
South Africa sends troops
into the black homeland of
Ciskei.
See World & Nation, page 3

The Way We Were
A return to the classic
American literary form of
the short story.
See Books, page 6

