# Sunday Series Bills 'Gunga Din.' Serial
## 
### 
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
"Gunga Din" will he shown at
the Memorial Auditorium Sun
day at 7:311 p.m., according to
Patty Whittemore, chairman of
the Farm's films.
This feature stars Cary Grant,
Victor McLaughlin, Douglas Fair
hanks, Jr., and Joan Fontaine.
Chapters one and two of the new
Western serial "Overland Mail"
will also he shown.
Admission price is 20 cents.
