# Navy Fears Bus Strike
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
SEATTLE, Jan. !) (UP).-Com
mandant of the 13th Naval District,
Rear Admiral Randall E. Jacobs,
stepped into the Seattle bus strike
threat picture again tonight, sending
a dircct last-minute appeal to the
president of the bus operators' un
ion to prevent a walk-out of 1,100
transit system drivers at midnight
tomorrow.
The admiral based his request on
grounds that a strike in the city's
main transit system would seriously
impair return of Pacific veterans
through this port, in addition to
complicating operation of shore es
tablishments and operations of .ship
yards repairing urgently needed
transports.
In event of failure of the union
•and the commission to reach a set
tlement before the strike deadline,
Navy spokesmen said that service
planned to press into service a fleet
of school-type buses, trucks and a
small pool of passenger vehicles to
run a skeleton service to shore in
stallations.
