# WELL-KNOWN BARITONE WILL SING AT RECITAL
## 
### 
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
Redfield Scars, baritone soloist, will
sing in Memorial Church at the Sun
day, Tuesday and Thursday organ re
citals for the coming week. Mr. Sears
made his first appearance before a cam
pus audience last Tuesday evening when
he sang at the Dante celebration. For
the last ten years before coming here
he has been in New York, teaching and
doing a good deal of concert work.
