# Make-Up Examinations In Law Are Scheduled
## 
### 
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
Make-up examinations for those re
ceiving conditions in first-year law
courses in the spring and summer quar
ters, will be held Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, November 16, 17 and 18.
There will be examinations in Law 1,
Torts 1, Real and Personal Property,
Criminal Law, Agency, and Business
Law.
The exact day, hour and place for
the various examinations will be an
nounced later upon the law bulletin
