# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
CAMPUS SHOE STORE
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
