# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.

Acting out
Graduate student Lindsay Mikoliteh is restrained by his fellow ac
tors during a showing of "Self Accusation," a play that was per
formed in White Plaza yesterday afternoon. The performance was

Barry Saik/Daily
sponsored by Stanford's Creative Writing Department and drew a
large audience from the stream of people passing by on their way
to post-weekend activities.
