# Gallery Plans Photo Display
## 
### 
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
A cross-country traveling ex
hibition of photographs by
members of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Society
of Magazine Photographers will
be at the Art Gallery through
Tuesday.
The show will consist of the
work of 27 members In this area
including Ansel Adams, the late
Dorothea Lange, Imogene Cun
ningham, Don Shapero, and
Charles Painter of the Stanford
News and Publications Service.
The coming exhibition was
designed by Jerry Leonhart of
Mountain View, an art director
of the McCann Erickson adver
tising agency, San Francisco.
He is this year's gold medal
winner at the 21st exhibition of
Editorial and Advertising Art
of the West.
The Art Gallery is open free
of charge Tuesday through Sun
day.
