# Butterfield Blues
## 
### 

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.

These six (seven?) memlwrs of
the Paul Buttertield Blues Band
will join the Jefferson Airplane
at a benefit concert to be given
by the senior class at 8 p.m.
next Thursday in the Pavilion.
Tickets are now on sale.
