# Say Ah
## 
### 

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.

Dr. Grant Fletcher of the Medi
cal School adjusts a special
monitoring: device through
which a patient's normal
breathing' patterns are being
studied. The researrh concerns
new methods of treatment for
patients with acute respiratory
problems.
