# Pre-Reg Committee
## 
### 
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
Last fall Stanford's Pre-Registration Commit
tee began preparations for welcoming the Class
of 1970. Striving for "a program to develop the
excitement and curiosity of incoming freshmen,"
the student committee succeeded with a fresh
approach to Pre-Reg and several innovations.
The Committee improved upon the work of
its predecessors, introducing freshmen to many
faces of the campus community rarely seen in
the span of a week. Implicit in the Pre-Reg pro
gram were many of the goals that Stanford is
seeking to realize on a larger scale as a resi
dential university. This year faculty members
hosted many freshman to dinner and informal
discussions. The usual series of introductory
speeches by University and student leaders were
highlighted by Dean Napier and David Harris.
Refreshingly, most speakers abandoned their
annual scripts and addressed themselves to
frosh curiosity and interest in the changing cam
pus.
The Friday concert, an addition to this year's

program, underlined the many cultural attrac
tions in the community. With preformances by
the Stanford Repertory Theater, the San Fran
cisco Symphony, and the Mendicants, the Class
of 1970 received a taste of Ray Area entertain
ment at its best.
The week-long introduction to Stanford still
allowed time for the frosh to get to know one
another. Besides providing a chance for relaxing,
the Saturday Sports Day brought several mem
bers of the Board of Trustees to campus for
frank, informal discussion of many of the ques
tions now being asked by leaders in student
government.
Community is a concept that is being much
discussed at Stanford. The Pre-Reg Committee's
efforts this past week have shown that the con
cept can have real meaning and that students
have a large part to play.
We join the Class of 1970 in thanking the Pre-
Registration Committee for an exceptional in
troduction to the Stanford Community.
