# 40 Yd. Bomb
## 
### 

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.

I'AT ( ()\( ANNON passes to John Kaitcliel early in Ili«> first half
ot yesterday's I'hi Delt-Theta l)t'lt semi-final championship same.
This pass, good lor torty yards and a touchdown for the l'lii Dells,
was the first of the I'hi Dells touchdown booths. Later Skip Soren
son scored on another Cuncannon 40 yard pass to put the I'hi Dells
ahead 18-0. The Thela I>elts eventually managed to score a touch
down to end the game 13-U. Tomorrow the I'.'ii Delts will play
Fremont for the intramural loot ha II championship.
