# Quote of the Day
## 
### 
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
"They hardly let me eat my
dinner. They were terrible."
— Incoming University
President Gerhard Casper,
who ate with curious Serra
residents last night. They
asked so many questions, he
said, that he couldn't con
centrate on his meal. See
story, front page.
