# 'RELATIVISM'
## Farrell: No Values In America 
### Daryl Glenney 
"Theodore Dreiser was not only
a great novelist, but America's
pioneer realist," said author
James T. Far roll yesterday after
noon in Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Farrell's topic was "Theodore
Dreiser and Literalure."
Dreiser's realism, said Farrell,
was necessary if Americans were
to begin to understand them
selves in their changing world.
He explained that the sense of
change more profoundly affected
America in ihe 1870's because of
the established sense of perma
nence.
'Impernianence'
"Although we are following a
great change of pace today, we
have developed a sense of imper
manence. Relativism has flattened
out to such a degree that there
are no values left," he said.
In t rac in g Dreiser's back
ground. Farrell cited personal ex
periences which Dreiser related
in his novels. "An American Tra
gedy." published in 1925, revealed
his belief that humans are merely
creatures of circumstance. "Sister
Carrie" expressed Dreiser's awed
attitude toward wealth, the re
sult of a poverty-stricken child
hood.
"Dreiser gripped the change in
realities in American life," Far
rell concluded. 'Ho illuminated
the country's peak of hope, ex
pectation of wealth, and antici
pation of a permanent future."
Victorian Era
Farrell supplemented his Drei
ser lecture with his views on the
influence of the Victorian era:
"The years developed the crisis
of knowledge and lime which we
face today," he said.
The change in concept of time
produced by Victorianism, salid
Farrell, was a direct result of
the introduction of Darwin's "The
Origin of Species" and the Second
Law of Thermodynamics. These
contradictions of Biblical ideas
prompted a conflict with Church
beliefs in eternal time and time
of duration as professed by St.
Augustine.
Farrell will speak on "Culture
and Chicago" at <4:15 today in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
