# Japan Program Slated Tomorrow
## 
### 
A "Day of Japan" will be pre
sented tomorrow by the Keio Af
filiation Commitle of the IIR.
Participating in the program,
which will be given at the Wom
en's Clubhouse, will be the Jap
anese Consulate General. Ihe
Japan Trade Center and Art Cen
ter, the Tourist Association, the
Women's Association in San
Francisco, and six other groups.
The program, which will begin
at 1 p.m. and run until 10 p.m.,
will include an exhibition of Jap
anese paintings and pictures; four
color movies; a seminar on
Buddhism; a Judo match; Koto
music; and a Japanese flower ar
rangement. Concluding the pro
gram will be a short speech by
Mr. Saito, the Vice-Consul Gen
eral.
