# Tryouts
## 
### 
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
ASSU Financial Manager: Ap
plications available in ASSU of
fice.
Stanford Overseas Information
Service: People who have traveled
in Europg or the Orient in the
last year and who would like to
work on "Travel Tips" may come
to the SOIS desk at the lIR shack
weekdays 2-5 p.m.
WUS Conference: Delegation
tryouts, 4:30-5 p.m., HE Shack;
or call DA 3-8594 in the evening.
