# P. A. A. Meet Saturday.
## 
### 
The annual meet of the Pacific
Athletic Association which will
take place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic grounds in the city
will be a gathering of nearly two
hundred athletes, if present indica
tions can be relied upon. The
large entry of aspirants for honors
on field and track is accounted for
from the fact that the old ruling of
registration which heretofore re
quired all competitors to be entered
at the beginning of the season has
been abolished. U. C. will be rep
resented by a number of her ath
letes, including Drum, while Morgan
and others will represent the car
dinal.
Entries have already been made
by all the clubs around the bay,
the Academic League, and many
individuals who represent no or
ganization. It is possible that
Multnomah will also have a rep
resentation, and also Southern Cal
ifornia clubs. The association
has offered two handsome trophies,
the first a silken banner to be pre
sented to the club winning the most
points, the second a splendid medal
which will become the property of
the individual who leads in the
number of points.
The following men have been
entered: 100 and '220-yd. dashes,
Nourse, Birtch, Cantwell, Diggles,
Stuart; 440, Diggles; 880 and mile,
Arnold, Walker, Strout, Williams,
Smith; high jump and pole vault,
Boyd, Bennett, Culver; hurdles,
Culver; walk, Lousley; weights,
Burnett.
All the men entered should see
Manager Gregory immediately to
arrange for the meet.
The annual meet of the Pacific
Athletic Association which will
take place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic grounds in the city
will be a gathering of nearly two
hundred athletes, if present indica
tions can be relied upon. The
large entry of aspirants for honors
on field and track is accounted for
from the fact that the old ruling of
registration which heretofore re
quired all competitors to be entered
at the beginning of the season has
been abolished. U. C. will be rep
resented by a number of her ath
letes, including Drum, while Morgan
and others will represent the car
dinal.
Entries have already been made
by all the clubs around the bay,
the Academic League, and many
individuals who represent no or
ganization. It is possible that
Multnomah will also have a rep
resentation, and also Southern Cal
ifornia clubs. The association
has offered two handsome trophies,
the first a silken banner to be pre
sented to the club winning the most
points, the second a splendid medal
which will become the property of
the individual who leads in the
number of points.
The following men have been
entered: 100 and '220-yd. dashes,
Nourse, Birtch, Cantwell, Diggles,
Stuart; 440, Diggles; 880 and mile,
Arnold, Walker, Strout, Williams,
Smith; high jump and pole vault,
Boyd, Bennett, Culver; hurdles,
Culver; walk, Lousley; weights,
Burnett.
All the men entered should see
Manager Gregory immediately to
arrange for the meet.
The annual meet of the Pacific
Athletic Association which will
take place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic grounds in the city
will be a gathering of nearly two
hundred athletes, if present indica
tions can be relied upon. The
large entry of aspirants for honors
on field and track is accounted for
from the fact that the old ruling of
registration which heretofore re
quired all competitors to be entered
at the beginning of the season has
been abolished. U. C. will be rep
resented by a number of her ath
letes, including Drum, while Morgan
and others will represent the car
dinal.
Entries have already been made
by all the clubs around the bay,
the Academic League, and many
individuals who represent no or
ganization. It is possible that
Multnomah will also have a rep
resentation, and also Southern Cal
ifornia clubs. The association
has offered two handsome trophies,
the first a silken banner to be pre
sented to the club winning the most
points, the second a splendid medal
which will become the property of
the individual who leads in the
number of points.
The following men have been
entered: 100 and '220-yd. dashes,
Nourse, Birtch, Cantwell, Diggles,
Stuart; 440, Diggles; 880 and mile,
Arnold, Walker, Strout, Williams,
Smith; high jump and pole vault,
Boyd, Bennett, Culver; hurdles,
Culver; walk, Lousley; weights,
Burnett.
All the men entered should see
Manager Gregory immediately to
arrange for the meet.
The annual meet of the Pacific
Athletic Association which will
take place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic grounds in the city
will be a gathering of nearly two
hundred athletes, if present indica
tions can be relied upon. The
large entry of aspirants for honors
on field and track is accounted for
from the fact that the old ruling of
registration which heretofore re
quired all competitors to be entered
at the beginning of the season has
been abolished. U. C. will be rep
resented by a number of her ath
letes, including Drum, while Morgan
and others will represent the car
dinal.
Entries have already been made
by all the clubs around the bay,
the Academic League, and many
individuals who represent no or
ganization. It is possible that
Multnomah will also have a rep
resentation, and also Southern Cal
ifornia clubs. The association
has offered two handsome trophies,
the first a silken banner to be pre
sented to the club winning the most
points, the second a splendid medal
which will become the property of
the individual who leads in the
number of points.
The following men have been
entered: 100 and '220-yd. dashes,
Nourse, Birtch, Cantwell, Diggles,
Stuart; 440, Diggles; 880 and mile,
Arnold, Walker, Strout, Williams,
Smith; high jump and pole vault,
Boyd, Bennett, Culver; hurdles,
Culver; walk, Lousley; weights,
Burnett.
All the men entered should see
Manager Gregory immediately to
arrange for the meet.
The annual meet of the Pacific
Athletic Association which will
take place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic grounds in the city
will be a gathering of nearly two
hundred athletes, if present indica
tions can be relied upon. The
large entry of aspirants for honors
on field and track is accounted for
from the fact that the old ruling of
registration which heretofore re
quired all competitors to be entered
at the beginning of the season has
been abolished. U. C. will be rep
resented by a number of her ath
letes, including Drum, while Morgan
and others will represent the car
dinal.
Entries have already been made
by all the clubs around the bay,
the Academic League, and many
individuals who represent no or
ganization. It is possible that
Multnomah will also have a rep
resentation, and also Southern Cal
ifornia clubs. The association
has offered two handsome trophies,
the first a silken banner to be pre
sented to the club winning the most
points, the second a splendid medal
which will become the property of
the individual who leads in the
number of points.
The following men have been
entered: 100 and '220-yd. dashes,
Nourse, Birtch, Cantwell, Diggles,
Stuart; 440, Diggles; 880 and mile,
Arnold, Walker, Strout, Williams,
Smith; high jump and pole vault,
Boyd, Bennett, Culver; hurdles,
Culver; walk, Lousley; weights,
Burnett.
All the men entered should see
Manager Gregory immediately to
arrange for the meet.
