# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now for Vacation.—A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
85c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line of Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 36.
Now for Vacation.—A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
85c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line of Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 36.
Now for Vacation.—A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
85c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line of Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 36.
Now for Vacation.—A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
85c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line of Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 36.
Now for Vacation.—A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
85c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line of Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 36.
