# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
BE
ALERT:
Watch this page for
information about how to be
a columnist or at-large
member of the editorial
board for Vol. 189 of The
Daily. Candidates should be
thinking about a sample
column or edit.
