# LAW PRACTICE CLASS HOLDS THIRD COURT
## 
### 
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
Resulting in a no-decision verdict,
the class in California law practice
held the third of a series of mock
trials last night in the law lecture
room. Professor H. Hill, who is in
charge of the class, acted as judge.
L. E. Rogers, '18, was council for
the defense of a company, which was
being charged with the responsibility
of an accident, caused through the al
leged negligence of one of its eleva
tors. D. Maddox acted as lawyer for
the plaintiff, and Jas. Adams was
sheriff of the court.
After a half hour of stormy session,
the jury was able to render no ver
dict. The public is invited to attend
the next mock trial, which will take
place next Tuesday night in the lec
ture room.
