# Columbia Defeats Shamrock
## 
### 
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
In the yacht race for the interna
tional cup over a course of fifteen
miles the American cup defender
finished a quarter of a mile ahead
of the English challenger. The
official time of the Shamrock was
11:11:01; of the Columbia, 11:10:49.
