# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
Graduate Manager Kchrens an
nounces that rooters* tickets for
track meet to Ite held oil the Uni
versity of California oval, next
Saturday, can he obtained at his
oi'ticc until Friday afternoon at •>
o'clock, for the reduced rate of
one dollar. Unless the applica
tions for tickets are accompanied
by season tickets, the regular rale
of one dollar and fifty cents will
be charged. This is the rate for
general tickets, even if the appli
cations are accompanied by season
pasteboards.
Tickets vtill lie sold at Berkeley
on Saturday, but not at reduced
rates. The sale is very heavy so
far, nnd a record crowd is ex
pected. The track events will
start at 2 o'clock, while the liaai
mer Is scheduled for 1 {30.
