# Hoover Is Chairman of New Food Board
## 
### 
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
Stanford's most famous alumnus
has accepted the chairmanship of the
new Food Board of the United States,
which was offered to him by the Na
tional Defense Council. This news
was received today from London,
where Mr. Hoever now is. He will
soon come to the United States, hav
ing been forced to leave his work as
chairman of the Belgian Relief Com
mission following the break with Ger
many. Mr. Hoover is now conducting
an investigation into European food
conditions, with the object of draw
ing lessons from them for our coun
try, and forstalling possible American
speculation in foodstuffs.
The first duty for America, accord
ing to Mr. Hoover, is to eliminate
waste in food consumption, and cut
down the prevalent national house
hold extravagance. He predicts that
the war will last for a year longer.
