# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
Stanford (Jlet> Club's eastern trip,
scheduled for immediately after the
close of college on May 16, has been
cancelled, owing to the present war
crisis.
