# Mrs. Rogers Reads "Herod."
## 
### 
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
Before a large and sympathetic
audience Mrs. Rand Rogers read
Stephen Phillip's play "Herod" in
the University chapel last Friday
evening. The success which at
tended Mrs. Rogers' reading last
year contributed in no small way
to the size of her audience last
Friday evening,which wan unusally
large despite several counter at
tractions. The play is one that
peculiarly recommends itself to
dramatic exposition, and Mrs.
Rogers' conception of the varying
dramatic situations was masterly.
