# pressure corporate liberals
## Repeal The Draft Now 
### 
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
Today John Stennis will commence rigged
hearings in the Senate Armed Services
Committee in an attempt to railroad through
Congress a two year extension of the draft.
The reactionary Senator from Mississippi has
apparently decided that only by conducting
closed hearings will he be able to block
anti-draft elements in Congress from creating a
volunteer army when the current draft law
expires on June 30, 1 9 71.
To recognize the "democratic" nature of
these hearings, it is imperative to examine
three constitutional procedures which Stennis
is utilizing. First, the hearings are closed and
the only persons who will be allowed to testify
are those chosen by the Chairman (Stennis).
The committee will therefore listen to
testimony from the diverse points of view of
Secretary of Defense Laird, Selective Service
Director Tarr, and Deputy Secretary of
Defense Packard. At the present time, the only
spokesman for the anti-draft position is
Senator Mark Hatfield, co-sponsor of the
Senate's volunteer army bill. A second
interesting phenomenon will be the absence of
any testimony from draft eligible men. It is
significant that during the last twenty years
Congressional committees have always allowed
testimony from persons who are to be affected
by the legislation being considered. Perhaps
Stennis should recall that much of the impetus
for the American Revolution was provided by
the imposition of laws and taxes, while
denying citizens' representation in the
decision-making process. The final thing which
makes the draft hearings so unique is that
Stennis originally scheduled them for
mid-April. He apparently realized that the
anti-draft movement was gaining a great deal
of momentum and decided to initiate quick,
rigged hearings during the first week that the
Senate Armed Services Committee could meet.
Immediate action to protest the developing
railroad in the Senate is being taken at
Stanford. Denunciation of the Senate hearings
as a fraud has been urged in a proposed
telegram submitted by the Stanford Draft
Repeal movement to the Council of Presidents.
The telegram will be sent upon signing to the
major colleges in the U.S. Further action was
taken by President Richard Lyman on Friday

pete knutson, pete boutin

when he telegraphed his concern about the
closed hearings to members of the Armed
Services Committee in the House and Senate.
Additional action is being planned by the
Stanford Draft Repeal Movement which is in
contact with a number of universities across
the U.S.
Telegraphs and letters to Senators
condemning the actions of Stennis and this
committee are the most effective immediate
methods of protest. Pressure on the corporate
liberals is particularly important; their past
appeals to youth, incontrast to their support
for the draft, places them in a peculiarly
vulnerable position. People such as Tunney,
Kennedy, and Muskie must be pressured into
changing their pro-draft stance. Letters and
telegrams can be addressed to Senate Office
Building, Washington D.C. 10025 .
One delegate will be sent by the Stanford
Draft Repeal Movement to the hearings
tomorrow to urge an open and unbiased airing
of the draft. Other universities are being urged
to follow suit.
Co-ordination of the national student effort
to repeal the draft has been centered at
Stanford since January 15. The network of
colleges and universities being mobilized is
growing every day in preparation for the
national student lobbying effort March 7-14.
This increase in student support has, however,
vastly enlarged financial problems for the
Draft Repeal Movement at Stanford. Money is
desperately needed to meet the rising mailing,
printing and speaker costs. Anyone wishing to
contribute money can mail it to Draft Repeal,
P.O. Box 6670, Stanford. Persons willing to
work in the draft repeal movement should
either call 491-2328 or write the above
address.
Pete Knutson is chairman of the Stanford
Movement to Repeal the Draft. Pete Boutin is
Assistant Chairman.
