# VARSITY FENCERS TO ENTER LEAGUE TOURNEY TONIGHT
## 
### 
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
Fencers from five different organiza
tions will compete in the Amateur
Fencers League of America informal
meet which will be held tonight in
the Apparatus room of the Encina
gymnasium. Three three-man teams
have been entered to represent Stan
ford, while fencers from the Olympic
Club, Unione Sportiva Italienue, Ath
ens Club, and the University of Cali
fornia will also enter the competition.
Elwyn Bugge, David Prince, Carl
Strover, Ray Noack, Paul Boodberg,
Richard Hull, and Carl Anderson have
definitely announced that they will
compete tonight. Several other mem
bers of the Cardinal fencing squad
are also scheduled to enter.
Competition for places on the five
man team which will meet the Univer
sity of California March 6 is being
held each week. Captain Ted Criley is
at present holding the ranking posi
tion.
