# Millsap and Smith Will Go South.
## 
### 
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
R. E. Millsap, "12, and H. J. Smith.
'11, were chosen this afternoon to
make the trip south with the members
of the track squad named yesterday.
No tryouts were held owing to the un
favorable condition of the weather.
Millsap will make the second runner
in the 440, with Taylor, while Smith
will he entered with Argabrite in the
hurdle races. There is a possibility
that one more man may be named to
join the fourteen already chosen.
