# DR. DAENELL REVIEWS COMMERCE OF WORLD
## LECTURER HAS MADE SPECIALTY OF SUBJECT. Four Periods in Commercial History are Outlined by Eminent German Professor. 
### 
The world's commerce by a man who
has made a specialty of this subject,
was reviewed in an interesting manner
yesterday afternoon by Dr. Ernst
Daenell, exchange professor to the
United States from Germany. His
lecture covered the period from the
sixteenth century to the present day
and was characterized by definiteness
of statement and clarity of detail.
Until .Magellan circled the globe, it
was shown, trade was chiefly con
cerned with the countries of the Med
iterranean and of the Orient. With
the incipienc.v of a commerce which
extended across the Atlantic, came the
domination of European countries, not
only in commercial matters, but in
religion and culture as well. This
marked the destruction of Arabian in
fluence and a change of the center lo
Europe.
Several systems might be used of
dividing into periods the development
of the world's commerce, said Dr.
Daenell. The more satisfactory clas
sification. suggested divides the devel
opment. into four stages. The first, of
these is included in the sixteenth cen
tury. Within this period, the speaker
brought out, we find the Rennaisance,
the system of Spanish collectivism,
and finally the time during which the
middle class was fostered rather than
repressed.
In the second period the system of
Spanish collectivism was fully elim
inated and there grew up a national
mercantilism in the several states.
Between the individual and the world's
trade there were erected high tariff
walls which it was expected would
render the state strong and indepen
dent. The institution of this system
was accompanied by a feverish rivalry
for colonies from which home industry
might be supported.
The third period of the nineteenth
century was marked by an almost uni
versal tendency toward free trade, the
nation as a factor being abolished and
unrestricted relation being established
between the individual and the world.
The last period, dating from 1870 to
the present, is marked by an imper
ialistic tendency and a reversion to the
principle of protection. Here again, it
was pointed out, national interests be
came paramount and the greed for
colonies is noticable. But the system
of imperialism, Dr. Daenell said, (lit
ters from mercantilism. It is not so
ruthlessly carried out and it is not the
policy of all modern countries. A re
markable exception to the principles
of protection was noted—that of Eng
land. It v«is the speaker's opinion,
however, that. Great, Britain was com
ing to the protection principle.
