# Stanford Man Hurt in Crash
## 
### 
Robert C. Warren, Stanford junor
from Portland, was badly injured
when his automobile struck a tele
phone pole near Hayward Wednes
day night.
He \tfas found in a semi-conscious
state beside the road by State High
way Patrolman Arthur Krause and
taken to the Hayward Genera! Hos
pital where he was found to be suf
fering from a fractured jaw, lacera
tions ,and a possible leg fracture.
Warren was driving to Palo Alto
from Berkeley when the accident
occurred. He was alone in the car
at the time.
Earlier in the evening he had at
tended the dance at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma fashion show in San
Francisco and was returning to
Stanford after having driven a girl
companion home.
