# Christian Association Buildings.
## 
### 
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
The following statistics regarding
Y. M.(!. A. buildings and building
funds are given in the Brown Her
ald:
Yale University, $60,000; Colum
bia University, $100,000; Princeton
University, $100,000; Cornell Uni
versity, $55,000; Dartmouth Col-
It ge, $18,000; University of Cali
fornia, $35,000; Johns Hopkins
University, $30,000; Union College,
$25,000; McGill University, $20,-
000; University of Illinois, $8,500;
University of Toronto, $6,000; Mis
souri State UDiversity, $3,000; lowa
State University, $30,000; Central
lowa University, $11,000; Univer
sity of Kansas, $8,000; Ypsilant.i
State Normal College, $11,000;
Hamilton College,s2s,ooo; Guilford
College, $4,000; Adelbert College,
$25,000; Hiram College, $3,500; Ot
terbein University,slB,ooo; Univer
sity of Tennessee, $20,000; Marys
villeCollege,sl2,ooo; Virginia Poly
technic Institute, $16,000; Syracuse
University, $25,000
In addition,the following associa
tions have well organized building
movements, and in some cases a
considerable portion of the money
already paid in:
Knox College, Galesburg, 111.;
lowa College, Grinnell, la.; lowa
Wesleyan University, Mt. Pleasant,
la.; University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, N. C.; State University
of Ohio, Columbus, O.; Denison Uni
versity, Granville, O.; Oberlin Col
lege, Oberlin, ().; Pennsylvania Col
lege, Gettysburg.
