# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Do we, in our attempts to break
away from the conventional tradi
tions that prevail at older institu
tions, carry simplicity to an ex
treme? This question is suggested
by the action of the Senior class in
defeating the proposal for the men,
as well as the women, to wear caps
and gowns at the graduation exer
cises. At present there is very
little to distinguish the commence
ment, very little that makes the
ceremony one for an alumnus to
recall as the occasion which marked
the close of his undergraduate
days. One of the arguments re
ported as having been used against
adopting the custom, is that il
would not he unique Â«'t Stanford
Individuals, in an attempt to he
unique, often become classified ix>
freaks. Our courses of study and
the sports in which we engage art
not unique. The fact that this is a
custom of long standing with edu
cational institutions in both the
old world and the new, and that it
lends impressiveness and beauty to
the exercises, led to the proposal
for its adoption at Stanford.
Perhaps no one would ad
vocate the cap and gown
here as a garb for men on any
other occasion than commence
ment. The sombrero is an appro
priate insignia for every-day, but it
would hardly be suitable to wear
when one is receiving a degree from

hip Alma Mater. It is not in har
mony with the surroundings. Al
though there is something refresh
ing about our robust freedom from
formality in daily life, would it J
not be well to make our commence- j
ment as impressive as possible?]
The mere ceremony of receiving a
degree may not be of great conse- j
quence, but to most graduates it
means farewell to the associations
of four years. The Clans of 1902 .
lias decided that it will not inaug
urate the custom, but the sugges
tion is worthy of consideration by
coming senior classes.
