# Trials Will Be Run.
## 
### 
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
The track is in better condition
now than it has been this season,
and a number of trials will be run
each evening dining the remainder
of the week. The roller was out
again yesterday, and for the first
time the track is considered good
all the way round. The north side
and west turn have been in regular
use since the roller w;ts first ob
tained.
By the accident to Nichols the
track learn loses a point winner,
his performances with the ham
mer, 125 feet, being his record, in
suring him first place in the class
meet and certainly a second in the

Intercollegiate. This makes the
fifth good man that the track has
lost this year, and the trainer feels
the strain to a very great extent.
Sprague was good for five points,
Beach for several. Lewis and
Kitching having good chances in
their events have been laid off by
Doctor \\ ilbur on account of heart
trouble.
