# Alumni Honored
## 
### 
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
Four S t a n I or d alumni have
been honored by President Wal
lace Sterling for leading special
fund drives for Hie University.
Sterling presented Hi chard C.
MeCurdy, '31; Philip <I. Smith,
'23; Thomas T. Inch. '31; and
Herbert VV. Jenkins. '31, with a
formal resolution of thanks, bear
ing the gold-embossed University
seal.
