# Players Present Spanish Comedy
## 
### 
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
Ghosts will cavort on the stage
of Cubberley Auditorium Friday
and Saturday nights when the
Spanish dramatic class presents
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore Be
yond).
Both performances of the so
phisticated satirical comedy by
Jose Lope/ Rubin are oprn to the
public free of charge. Perform
ances will begin at S p.m.
"La Otra Orilla," (The Shore
Beyond), was a recent hil in Ma
drid and Mexico. It will be pre
sented in Spanish.
