# Teachers to Study Math
## 
### 
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
Fifty high school mathematics
teachers from H Western states
will study new aspects of their
subject and its applications in in
dustry and science at Stanford
this summer under the General
Electric Mathematics Fellowship
program.
The program will offer three
graduate-level courses, a series
of talks by GE personnel on the
company's use of mathematics in
research, and tours of GE facili
ties.
Stanford's is Ihe sixth summer
fellowship program to he estab
lished in a major U.S. university
by the General Electric Educa
tional and Charitable Fund. Ii is
the first in a Western university.
