# Special Prayer Meeting Sunday.
## 
### 
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
Through the efforts of John R. j
Mott and other men of influence, an
organisation has been formed known
as the World's Student Christian. A
special day of prayer has been set
aside by the organization to be cele
brated by students throughout the
world. The day falls upon this Sun
day and will be observed at the Uni
versity by a vesper service to be
held in the Chapel at 5. Professor
A. T. Murray, of the Greek depart
ment, will address the students on !
"Prayer."
