# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
The collectors that were appoint
ed over a week ago to collect funds
for the new track bleachers are ex
pected to report next Tuesday and
Wednesday. When the results of this
attempt to secure funds lias been as
certained the Board of Control will
know whether it is in a position to
go ahead with contracts for the con
struction of more track bleachers.
As the necessity for building these
bleachers for the accommodation of
the crowd which is sure to attend j
the intercollegiate varsity track
meet this year has been emphasized
so many times, it ought to be unne
cessary to remind those who have
not contributed to the bleacher fund
that there is little time left before
this money must be in the hands of
the Treasurer.
