# Coaching Outside Teams.
## 
### 
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
John Monroe, light guard of the
Reliance football team, has been
selected coach of the Santa Clara
football team in place of Gene
Sheehy. Sheehy is in the hospital
recovering from an operation, and
will be unable to play this season.
Kaarsberg, Berkeley's famous
fullback, is coaching the Oregon
team which will play here against
the Varsity, November 10th.
