# Mississippi Volunteers Will Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
Student, faculty, and staff vo
lunteers who served with the Mis
sissippi Project will hold an or
ganizational meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 8 p.m., Friday.
