# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Struggling unaided for two years to
build up and perfect a minor sport,
those who have been responsible for
the present condition of the game of
Soccer at Stanford have worked un
ceasingly and unselfishly in the inter
ests of that sport. Their efforts have
been met with excellent results and
when the prospects for the year are
viewed it can be seen that those ef
forts were not in vain. The Soccer
enthusiasts deserve much credit and
some support during their schedule
this year, and without slighting a
strong personal interest in Rugby, this
can be accomplished. The Student
Body cannot assist as a body, but
students individually can show an ac
tive interest in the growth and suc
cess of that deserving sport. We hope
that Soccer will receive its due in
the coming season.
