# RUGBY WORK BEGINS
## MEN ON AUSTRALIAN TRIP TO HAVE WEEK'S REST. Large Number Report for Work When Squad Answers Rollcall Yesterday Afternoon. 
### 
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
With about 175 men in uniform, the
first Rugby practice of the season was
held on the sawdust field yesterday
afternoon. The entire squad was put
through the regular setting-up exer
cises and then detailed to practice,
passing and dribbling until long after
6 o'clock. In order to give more care
ful instruction to the men, the candi
dates were divided into four groups.
Coach Presley took the Freshmen for
wards under his wing, while A. E.
Roth, '09, had the supervision of the
1914 back field. Captain Dole and half
back Erb were in charge of the Var
sity squads. The men showed great
eagerness for the work and the whole
practice was characterized by its snap
and go.
None of the players who took the
trip to Australia were on the field yes
terday, and it will probably be a week
or more before they again don suits.
Coach Presley wishes to give the
travelers a good rest before putting
them in the game.
Although nothing can as yet be told
concerning the Freshman players, the
1914 squad seems to be composed of a
likely lot of athletes and their devel
opment will be closely watched. The
first Freshman game will be with Low
ell High School next Saturday after
noon.

Professor Cubberley, who was grant-,
ed leave of absence for the second
j semester at a recent meeting of the
Board of Trustees, has been loaned to

Harvard University for the second half
of the year. He will lecture there on
School Administration and on the
History of Education.
