# LARGE ENROLLMENT IN GYM.
## 
### 
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
For the first time in the history of
the institution, the enrollment in the
gymnasium classes has exceeded three
hundred, with several students yet to
register. Yesterday, the classes met
for the first time and taxed the capa
city of the gymnasium building to its
limit.
The great increase over last year's
registration is thought to he caused
mainly by the introduction of all
forms of athletics into the regular
work.
