# Charity Begins at Home.
## 
### 
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
Members of Phi Alpha Tau, the de
bating fraternity, announce their in
tention of journeying to neighboring
high schools and uplifting the youth
through their undoubted rhetorical
gifts. This is a worthy venture, and
yet we believe that greater missionary
work can be done in the home field.
A blessed service would be performed
if the University orators were allowed
to present the lectures of some of our
worthy faculty friends who are pri
marily interested in research work.
