# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
—Miss Belle Cowdery, ex-'O6, and
James H. Wilkinson, a wealthy bus
iness man of Pomona, were married
at Pomona recently. Miss Cowdery
was a member of Gamma Beta so
rority.
