# WINS AWARD
## 
### 
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
Brrr ley O. Rcose, mechanical, en
gineering Rraduate, won $27.62 dur
ing the summer for a paper suh
mitted in tnr James F. Lincoln Arc
Welding Foundation competition.
