# Lord Halifax To Visit Dr. Sterling
## 
### 
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
Lord and Lady-Halifax will be
overnight guests of Stanford Presi
dent and Mrs. Wallace Sterling on
the weekend of Oct. (i-7.
The British earl, war-time am
bassador to the United States, will
come to Stanford during the after
noon of Saturday, Oct. (!, and be en
tertained by the Sterlings at a din
ner party that evening at the presi
dent's home.
