# 'Invisible Man' Is Pre-Reg Movie
## 
### 
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
"The Invisible Man," starring
Claude Rains, and movies of the
1950 Big Game will be shown at
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 to
morrow night. Admission is 20
cents.
The main feature is H. G. Wells'
story of a chemist who becomes in
visible and can only be seen by
swathing himself in bandages. The
movie was shown at Stanford two
years ago and has been brought
back by request, said Jim Conant,
ASSU movie manager.
In addition to the main film and
football movies, a cartooon will be
shown. This program will begin the
Sunday Movie Series for the quar
ter, but is being held Saturday as
part of the pre-reg activities.
