# SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20—(UP) —
University of Southern California re
ceived good and bad news today from
Dr. Willis Jacobus, team physician,
who said fullback Desmond Koch
definitely was out of Saturday's game
but wingback Al Carmichael could
play.
