# NOTICE
## 
### 
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
The Law Association will hold a
smoker at 7:45 in the Old Union,
Wednesday evening. Eats, smokes, and
a snappy program.
