# Golf Play-offs Set for Today
## 
### 
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
As a part of Convalescent Home
Week, now in its second day, today
will see the playoffs in an all-Uni
versity golf tournament which is
open to all students whether they
have ever played golf or not.
The complete tournament will be
played ofT today on the Stanford
golf course. As an added induce
ment. no green fee will be charged
the contestants, but each must pay
an entrance fee of 50 cents, which
will be donated to the Convalescent
Home.
"All contestants can play off their
rounds any time today," Chairman
Frank Tatum said last night. "There
is no set order of play. And the
absence of green fees should bring
a well rounded field."
Contestants will be scored on a
handicap basis, and prizes will be
awarded to the golfers who have the
low net and the low gross scores.
On completion of the round each
contestant should turn his or her
score card in at the Golf Club desk.
