# Don't Be Fooled
## 
### 

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.

TIIESE AREN'T flowers, although
they are called "spoon flowers."
They are leaves from a peculiar
Arizona cactus, but they attracted
much attention at Seattle's Na
tional Flower Show.
