# PANZER DRIVE INTO HEART OF GREECE
## 
### 
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
ATHENS, April 16 (UP). —Ger-
man "panzer" forces are driving
toward the important railroad ter
minus of Kalambaka, nearly 90 miles
into the heart of Greece, and have
reached the Kozani plateau near
the Mount Olympus bastion of the
Allied line, the Greek high com
mand reported tonight.

The Nazi tide sweeping down
through Monastir Pass and across
the upper Vistritsa River was said
to be battling its way forward
around Grevena in an attempt to
reach Kalambaka, in an apparent at
tempt to outflank Mount Olympus
and Larissa.
(Berlin radio reported the Brit
ish forces around Mount Olympus
are being swiftly surrounded in a
"natural mousetrap." These quar
ters boasted. "It is only a matter
of time before the bulk of the
British forccs are encircled and
wiped out.")

Another wedge of the German
mechanized drive, cutting down
through Kozani, was said by the
high command to have advanced
south of the Vistritsa and reached
the Kozani pateau, about 22 miles
west of the Mount Olympus anchor
of the British-Greek line.
