# INSTRUCTORS CHOSEN
## 
### 
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
Professor Paul Eliel, director of
the Division of Industrial Relations
at the Graduate School of Business,
and Mathew O. Tobriner, Stanford
alumnus and attorney for the San
Francisco Building Trades Council,
will be among instructors for a 12-
session course in industrial rela
tions and labor law scheduled for
April 29 at the law school of the
Golden Gate State College.
