# Grey Quits Truck; Seeks Scholarship
## 
### 
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
A1 Grey, varsity shot-putter, turned
in his suit yesterday. The big
weight man is working for a schol
arship next year and has decided to
concentrate on his studies for the
rest of the quarter. A recurrence of
an old wrist injury also influenced
Al's decision.
