# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
v»
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol- ,T,
lowing labels: po
m
n
Angel O
73
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 79
m
London q
International
L'Oiseau-Lyre 1/4
Mercury #
RCA-Victor
EP ' e m
Columbia >
SPECIAL: °
Westminster S
12-inch §
$2.98 S
SEA of *
RECORDS ?
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL " n
REDWOOD CITY „
m
116 Ninth Street O
S<in Francisco
73
O
Open Sunday J
