# Graduate Fined For Smashing Cars
## 
### 
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
Stanford graduate student Hugh L.
Smith, cited Sunday morning after
crashing into four parked cars on
Galvez Street, has been fined $150.
with $50 suspended.
Smith, who lives at 1001 Cowper
Street, Palo Alto, also faces losing
his .driving privileges on the Stan
ford campus.
