# KZSU Inaugurates Stanford Today'
## 
### 
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
Tonight at 8:45, KZSU, campus
radio station, inaugurates a new
program, "Stanford Today." The
program will feature ASSU Presi
dent George Ralph, speaking on
student affairs.
Station directors explained that
the program will be a weekly
feature from Monday through
Thursday nights at the same time,
with Ralph the speaker.
The program is slated to run 15
minutes each night.
