# Insurance Man Elected Hospitals Board President
## 
### 
Fred Merrill, vice-president of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,
has been elected president of the
newly-formed board of governors of
Stanford University Hospitals, San
Francisco.
Edmund W. Littlefield, vice-presi
dent of the Utah Construction Com
pany, was elected vice-president of
the board, and Dr. Robert L. Smith,
associate clinical professor of medi
cine, Stanford School of Medicine,
secretary.
Other governors are Mrs. Allan E.
Charles, George A. Ditz and David
Packard, all of the Stanford board
of trustees, and Dr. Robert A. Scar
borough, clinical professor of sur
gery, Stanford School of Medicine.
The board of two medical and five
lay members was appointed by the
Stanford trustees for the purpose of
improving services at the two hospi
tals associated with the Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco.
