# SOCIAL SERVICE MEETING.
## Work For The Coming Year Will Be Outlined Tomorrow Evening. 
### 
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
The Social Service Club will hold its
first meeting Thursday evening at 7:45
o'clock at Dr. Gardner's residence
to elect officers for the coming year.
The executive committee of the
club has proposed to follow up the
line of work begun last year. Sections
will be formed for the study of so
cial problems, social settlements and
political science, each section having
its own director and secretary. 111 ad
dition to the study sections, the club
will hold open meetings 011 the first
Thursday evening of each month. Dr.
Jordan, Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, A. J. Todd of the Juvenile
Court, and other prominent social ser
vice workers will address these meet
ings, and through the courtesy of the
Faculty Committee 011 Assemblies, the
club will be able to place before the
Student Body the Ideals and obliga
tions of social service. On the out
side, the club will proceed to the de
velopment of the "Stanford Junior
Settlement," it being the plan to have
a practical piece of work in hand
during each year.
