# Last chance:
## 
### 
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
COP and ASSU Senate
candidates and
spokespersons for fee
assessment groups
wishing to receive
Daily election endorse
ments must sign up
today for interviews on
the outside door of The
Daily office. Interviews
will be held today and
tomorrow. Only candi
dates and groups
scheduled for inter
views will be consid
ered for endorsements.
Edit board: High noon.
Be there.
