# Norman, Aubel In Tennis Finals
## 
### 
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
Only remaining match to be played
in the men's annual summer tourney
for faculty and students is that be
tween Nelson Norman and William
Aubel. In order to avoid default,
this match must be played today,
said Coach Bugge.
Results of yesterday's matches
were: Ward d. Bunn, 6-1, 6-1; Gard
ner d. Hunter 6-0, 6-2; and Cassel
d. Sparks 6-1, 61. Ward will be
paired against Gardner in the lower
semi-final bracket and Cassel will
oppose the winner of the Norman-
Aubel match in the upper bracket.
The tourney is a handicap affair,
with five of the original 30 players
suffering a 15-point set-back. Of
the original five, Ward and Cassel,
who are doped to reach the finals,
are still in the running.
