# TURKISH DIVORCE
## 
### 
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
Less than a minute is required to
dissolve the marriage bonds of a
Kurd in the eastern part of Turkey.
The man simply Says, "I divorce
you" three times, and the parties
are free.
