# Night Spots Open As Strike Closes
## 
### 
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
Night life circulates again in
San Francisco's main entertain
ment arteries, as the strike
bound hotels break from the
labor strangle-hold this week.
Paul Pendarvis opens tonight
in the Rose Room Bowl of the
Palace Hotel; hostelry head
Archibald Price announces that
the genial maestro will broad
cast on regular schedule soon,
he can be tuned in tomorrow
from 7:30 to 8 o'clock over
KSFO.
At the Mark Hopkins, Nick
Stuart, former movie actor,
limbers up for a long engage
ment in Peacock Court. The
other main hotels are whipping
extensive schedules into shape
now, according to announce
ments from the city.
