# Science And Man
## A 						Close Call In Marburg 
### JOSHUA LEDERBERG 
In the aftermath of the six-day
war in the Middle East last sum
mer, direct air transport from
Uganda to Germany and Yugo
slavia was disrupted. Shipments
of "green monkeys" for use in
preparing vaccines were diverted
to London Airport before trans
shipment.

In the process, a group of at
least eight monkeys acquired a
disease heretofore unknown to
medical science. The disease re
mains unnamed but might be
called Marburgvirus, for it in
fected at least 32 people and
killed five of them in Marburg,
Germany.
Twenty-seven of the infected

cases were among laboratory
workers who handled the mon
keys or their organs. Five were
secondary cases, nurses or doc
tors who attended the primary
ones and were in direct contact
with the patients' tissues or se
cretions.
The Marburgvirus is extra
ordinarily contagious and rapid
ly lethal in a distressingly high
proportion of cases. It is found
in the blood, throat secretions
and urine of infected animals
and men, and direct contact is
the only known medium of trans
mission.
What might have been an epi
demic of world-shaking dimen
sions was contained by the sheer
good luck that it did not spread
to man at London airport but
first appeared in the medically
knowledgeable environment of
the laboratory destinations.
The origin of Marburgvirus is
unknown. It may be indigenous
to green monkeys in Africa; it
may have been acquired by con
tact with other animals in whose
company the monkeys were held
during transshipment through
London.
The threat of a major virus
epidemic—a global pandemic—

hangs over the head of the spe
cies at any time. We were lucky
on this occasion, but it was a
near miss. It could easily have
established a very large focus of
infection in countries like India,
China or South Vietnam, and
in our present knowledge of vi
rology we would have been ill
equipped to stop it from domi
nating the earth, with a half
billion casualties.
We have also seen the irony of
the constructive role played by
a BW laboratory in containing
the virus. But we cannot blind
ourselves to the knowledge that
biological warfare now has one
more potential weapon in its
repertoire. Furthermore, a great
deal of scientific ingenuity is
dedicated to "improving" such
agents, the most suicidal of hu
man enterprises today.
Marburgvirus is but one ex
ample of the evils of nature that
are our real enemies in the liv
ing world. It is very unlikely
to discriminate between Demo
crat or Communist or Maoist.
And as human society is now or
ganized, our encounters with
such threats will not for long
be just near misses.
