# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
ujiDsmmiv
HERE'S A GOOD
JOB IN
SLACKS
A
Cabardine — Bedford Cord
slacks need no recommenda
tion. They're clean, slick,
tough and made especially
for the job.
Pu re Wool
$10.00
36'/ wool, 64 f /{ rayon
$7.50
ujiD€mflny
18b University, Palo Alto
HZMffi
Tonight Special!
Our Theater is being
taken over tonight by the
Stanford freshmen, after
the traditional Pajamarino
Rally.
LAST TIMES TONICHT
LLOYD NOLAN
In
"THE MAN WHO
WOULDN'T DIE' 1
WITH
MARjORIE WEAVER
—AND—
BUD ABBOTT
LOU COSTELLO
In
"RIO RITA"
