# KSU Auditions
## 
### 
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
Auditions for a KSU radio work -
shop play will be held tomorrow
morning at 10 in room 204, Memo
rial Hall. Nine actors and four ac
tresses are needed.
The play, "Fight for Life," is a
radio dramatization adapted from
Paul de Kruif's "Why Keep Them
Alive?" It will be presented next;
Sunday. Places are open to anyone
interested. No previous experience
is necessary.
