# BRANNER FIRE
## 
### 
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
A blazing wastepaper basket at
Branner roused out the fire depart
ment at 6:20 p.m. yesterday. The
fire was quickly put out. No dam
age was caused.
