# Juniors Send Call For Entertainers
## 
### 
Writers, singers, musicians, and
comedians are needed for the May f>
Junior Weekend variety show at
Austin's Barn. The show will be on
the junior show-dance program.
Students interested in writing
novelty acts and skits should meet
at Manzanita Sunday afternoon at
12:30, co-chairman Ann Hutchinson
said yesterday. Drivers who are not
able to attend Sunday should con
tact Miss Hutchinson, Manzanita, or
Bob Gibson. Phi Kappa Sigma.
A string bass player and a drum
mer are needed for a jazz combo.
Jazz musicians should contact Jack
Litt'e, Delta Chi.
The show-dance will be held at
Austin's Barn, and will feature free
beer and dancing to King River
bottom Mud and his Original Good
Time and Pleasure Band.
