# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
Nathan Van Patten, director of
Universi?/ Libraries, heads 13 sep
arate libraries in schools and de
partments.
